place_id,name,formatted_address,rating,user_ratings_total,opening_hours,website,reviews
ChIJA9LvEevck4gRxBKjpxTSefs,Los Angeles Air Conditioning Service,"506 N Virgil Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90004, United States",5,25,,N/A,"Job well done! I found this company online, and the technician was hospitable and called me 30 minutes before his arrival. The technician who came here was very educated and well-prepared while mending my air conditioning repair needs. The price was too beneficial, and the technician's work was also responsible and fulfilling. I was very impressed with the professional level of customer service that I received from him and the whole company.; The annual maintenance check-up for my AC system was thorough and well-executed. The technician from Los Angeles Air Conditioning arrived on time, conducted a quick inspection, and addressed all necessary maintenance tasks. They also provided useful tips for maintaining my system between check-ups. I’m confident that my AC system will continue to perform well, thanks to their diligent service! I recommend you guys try out their reliable service too!; I would like to thank the local tech when I hired him to solve my problem with my heating furnace repair needs. I had the privilege to work with their most efficient technician. His skills are great. He deserves an A-star rating for the job well done! Thank you so much for your best assistance! I highly recommend the service!; I had a wonderful experience with Los Angeles Air Conditioning last Thursday afternoon. I appreciate all the work they did in doing the repair of my ac that was not blowing cold air. The technician handled the problem professionally and expertly at a very reasonable price. Thank you for taking care of my needs. I will certainly recommend your service to my friends and relatives. Thank you!; I recently used Los Angeles Air Conditioning's services to repair my broken air conditioner. Their technician was thorough, quick, and skillful throughout the service. I want to thank this company for its professional service and reasonable price. Thank you very much!"
ChIJ_fJ8TdI_vgwRgBgWPbej4O0,LC Heating & Air Conditioning,"509 N Fairfax Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90036, United States",5,136,,N/A,"Kudos to LC technician for his fast and efficient service during this West Hollywood LA heatwave. My AC unit had decided to go on a break, he repair the AC problem and got it working smoothly in no time. Now, the coolness is back, and I can return to my work.
PS as a bonus he checked also my heating furnace to make sure it doesn’t need any repair. You know, West Hollywood winter can be rough and cold
Thank you LC
Recommended for West Hollywood Los Angeles area; I’ve worked with LC Heating and Air a few times now, and it’s all been perfect every time. Most recently, they relocated my outdoor condenser unit and installed new ductwork and a furnace. As usual, the team was on time, professional, and respectful of my home throughout the process (more important than one would think). The condenser relocation was done smoothly, and I’m really happy with the new placement—it’s more efficient and gives me more usable space. The new furnace and ductwork have made a noticeable difference in how comfortable our home feels, especially as the weather starts to cool down.

What I appreciate most is that they never rush the job. They’re detail-oriented and always make sure everything is done right. Having worked with them on different projects now, I trust their expertise and would recommend them to anyone looking for reliable HVAC services. I’ve attached some pictures of their work—great quality as always!; I recently had the pleasure of working with Leo from LC Heating & Air for a repair on my air conditioning unit and replacing a thermostat. I couldn’t be more satisfied with the service provided. From start to finish, Leo demonstrated exceptional professionalism, expertise, and customer care.

First and foremost, Leo was incredibly responsive. After my initial call, he promptly scheduled a visit and arrived exactly when he said he would. It’s rare to find such punctuality these days, and it was greatly appreciated. Highly recommend their services.; Lior was fantastic.  We had them repair and add an ecobee for our central AC and install a mini-split in our detached garage that we use as an office. The old window AC unit just wasn't cutting it anymore.  Lior and the tech were professional, communicated clearly throughout, and left the place clean. Lior took the time to explain every step before they started, which gave us a lot of confidence.  Highly recommend them!; I was taken aback by the swift response when our central AC went down in the middle of a West Hollywood scorcher. Leo worked diligently and got the system repaired quickly. Office productivity is saved!"
ChIJATfU1NXJwoARrgJXg_t14NI,John & Son HVAC Service,"124 W 67th St, Los Angeles, CA 90003, United States",4.9,40,,N/A,"John & Son HVAC Service recently handled a home AC repair for me, and I’m extremely pleased with the results. The technician was professional, knowledgeable, and thorough in his work. He identified the problem and fixed it quickly, ensuring my AC was back to cooling efficiently. Their reliable service and attention to detail have earned my trust. I’ll definitely be using John & Son HVAC Service for any future needs.; I was really impressed with the quality and speed of the service from John & Son HVAC Service! The technician showed up on time and was very attentive, helpful, and professional. He asked a few questions about our AC and furnace issues, then got right to work. He was thorough and explained everything to me, and had both the AC and furnace fixed in under an hour for a very reasonable price. I highly recommend them for your HVAC repair needs!; Very proficient! Thanks to your trusted technician! He really prove that your company had a very reliable and affordable repair service. He actually mended my air conditioning repair issues. I really liked how he performed the repair process because it was systematic. He was responsible and approachable. He amazed me so much, so I decided to recommend it to all.; John & Son HVAC Service's technician was helpful and attentive regarding the repair we needed for our AC that was not blowing cold air. He was informative and even explained everything thoroughly, so I understood. The repair service was quick and smooth. I will definitely use their service again and recommend it to everyone I know. Thank you!; I was delighted! My request to have my home's air conditioning unit repaired was fulfilled by John & Son HVAC Service. Their highly skilled expert handled it, and I am impressed with him for making sure that everything else was done in an orderly way. A wide range of services, indeed! You are highly recommended!"
ChIJhX8Q8fPBwoARN_-Gvha9b48,Glendale HVAC Services,"1305 S Glendale Ave Suite 3, Glendale, CA 91205, United States",4.9,15,,N/A,"We are quite satisfied with the regular check-up and cleaning service provided by Glendale HVAC Services. They conducted the original installation of our furnace and have consistently provided top-notch upkeep services. They give us a call when it's time for service, they follow up, and even present us with alternatives if an earlier appointment becomes available. The technicians, like Tanner and Oliver, have always been courteous, well-informed, and considerate when working in our Glendale home. Tanner was especially helpful, providing me with excellent advice on thermostat settings, future maintenance, and even details about a secondary unit we own. We highly recommend their maintenance plan, as it has already resulted in cost savings for us.; Three years ago, after refurbishing our house, our air conditioning system was not performing as expected. During the summer, we had to rely on window A/C units for the upper level and in winter, the heater was always on, leading to hefty power bills for half the year. We were under the impression that an additional unit was required for the upper level to balance the temperature. We sought help from Glendale HVAC Services for a professional energy audit of our house. Oliver explained exactly what needed to be done and suggested that we could handle some of the tasks ourselves if we wanted to, which was a great cost-saving tip. As my husband is handy, he implemented Oliver's recommendations and made some enhancements to our existing system. The changes have been remarkable! There's no need for window units this summer, and our air conditioning system is effortlessly maintaining a comfortable temperature, even during heatwaves. Our power bill has significantly reduced as well. I highly recommend seeking a consultation with Tanner. It's worth it to enjoy a comfortable home and save on utility bills!; We settled into our new home about a year and a half ago, and it came equipped with an outdoor AC system. This summer, we noticed the unit started behaving oddly. Upon reaching out to a local HVAC service, we were able to secure an appointment rather promptly. Oliver was exceptional in detailing everything about the HVAC system and the current air-flow situation in our Glendale home. Luckily, we didn't require any significant repairs, as the unit was merely overworked from the summer's demands. Another noteworthy point is that they carried out a thorough inspection without trying to push any unnecessary sales on us. Oliver shared tips on how we could maintain the system for an extended period, explaining that immediate maintenance was not required. The whole experience left us very impressed. We wouldn't hesitate to recommend their services!; We recently moved to Glendale and purchased a home that needed some work, particularly with an old, non-functioning HVAC system. A friend suggested this HVAC service provider. Oliver came out first to assess the situation, and shortly after, Tanner and another team member arrived to handle the new installation. All of them were courteous and mindful of our home, even placing a mat by the door and wearing shoe covers. On the day of the installation, Tanner and his colleague laid down blankets from the front door, leading all the way up to the bedroom with attic access. They worked tirelessly in our sweltering attic, dismantling the old HVAC unit into manageable pieces to avoid creating a new opening in our ceiling. After a productive day, they took the time to walk us through the new system and the operation of the updated thermostat. The HVAC system has been functioning flawlessly ever since. Highly recommend this HVAC service!; Lacking air conditioning for a while and getting mixed messages about the issues and repair times, my daughter suggested Glendale HVAC Services, a company she's been satisfied with. I was grateful for the swift appointment to diagnose the problem. Tanner and Oliver showed up within the agreed time. They were both considerate, professional, detailed, and empathetic. They examined the thermostat and external unit issues, explaining the situation in simple terms. Given it was a troubleshooting situation, they discussed what systems and parts might be necessary to get the AC working. Their diagnosis was more comprehensive than the 2 other companies we'd previously hired. My husband and I appreciated their honest assessment and reasonable charges. I promptly received estimates for various repair options. Tanner and Oliver returned to continue the repair process. They replaced the wiring under the house and to the external unit, insulated the wires, and installed a new circuit board. They kept us informed about what they were doing throughout their visit. They managed to get some air flowing by bypassing part of the system. More work is needed, but they're dedicated to finding solutions to fix my AC. I'm confident they'll have my AC running smoothly soon. Despite the problems that arose, requiring alternative solutions, Tanner remained empathetic, calm, and mindful of costs. Both Tanner and Oliver, along with the owner, are extremely knowledgeable and work collaboratively to provide the best service. They thoroughly research the system to understand how it works to ensure proper repair. Even though more work is needed, I'm positive my AC will be functioning soon. As arranged, the technicians arrived on time. They were polite, efficient, and determined to get my AC working that day. They were respectful to us and our property. The owner's involvement was appreciated. The charges were fair. The office staff also has great customer service skills, and most importantly, everyone follows through on their commitments. I have air now! Oliver came out today for my annual AC maintenance. He was pleasant, respectful, efficient, and professional. He explained what he'd be doing during his visit. As always, he and all other staff I've interacted with have top-notch customer service skills. Thank you!"
ChIJ87jUkhBr6oAR-VzNW9KqPg4,ON CALL HEATING & AIR CONDITIONING SERVICES,"4801 Olivia St B, Bakersfield, CA 93309, United States",4.9,70,,N/A,"My AC unit decided to go out today. I called and in less than 3 hours they were here fixing the problem! Fast, efficient, and honest! I will definitely be calling again for all my HVAC needs. I’m enjoying a nice cool home again. THANK YOU!!!; Our AC unit needed replaced. I received a quote from another company and called On Call Heating and AC Services for a second quote. The owner, Rudy, came out the same day I called and beat the price from my first quote. He had a new unit installed within a couple of days. Rudy was very kind, professional, honest, and just a wonderful person to have done this work. He made what could have been a stressful process run smoothly and efficiently, while maintaining such a positive and friendly demeanor. I read the reviews on this business before calling and they are on point, Rudy and his team are exceptional and I highly recommend this business!; We called Rudy, and within 2 hours, on a Sunday, he was able to come out. We had no AC on a 114 day. He quickly diagnosed the problem and was able to repair it all within an hour. Super friendly, knowledgeable, and gave his honest opinion on future maintenance. We will be calling him back for regular maintenance from now on. Thank you!!!; Thank you so much to Rudy for his kind and knowledgeable service. After a whole night of our AC going off I called On Call HVAC around 5:30 am and thankfully I got an answer. Rudy was at my door within 30 minutes and fixed my burned off motor within 45 minutes. I highly recommend his services to anybody in the Kern County area. Thank you again for your thoughtful help!; Rudy is amazing got out here when he said he would.  He was here for maybe an hr got my system going for us.  He was brutally honest said my system will need to be replaced eventually and that he work with me to get a new one in.  He was nice and understanding as well as very professional.  Thank you Rudy this Canadian appreciates you."
ChIJK9gqXN82w4ARLVhUTOFfC5I,RC Air Heating & Air Conditioning Service,"8327 Orange St, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91701, United States",4.9,498,,N/A,"Ian, the technician, was friendly and punctual; however, I was initially told by RC Air Heating Service that I would receive a free quote. To my surprise, Ian informed me that he had already replaced the capacitor without prior discussion. I was charged $375, which I later found to be well above the typical range of $150 to $300, a price that usually covers diagnostic fees, freon checks, installation, and parts. My AC unit is easily accessible, and the capacitor itself only costs about $7.70 at Home Depot. I feel overcharged and won’t be using this company again.; RC Air was recommended by a friend and they didn’t disappoint! Yelp reviews were on point. I called and asked for an appointment next day in the morning and the company was like you got it!! Ian from RC Air was polite and knowledgeable. Wasn’t rushing through anything. Took his time answering questions and shared information about the AC business. Great experience with their service. Will call back if I need anything else. Stay cool!; My house AC system stopped cooling, only air was blowing in. Saw the repair service near me and RC was most highly recommended. Called them last evening and a nice lady responded and sent the crew early this afternoon. The duo was polite and professional with us, the senior couple.
They quickly found the fault and gave a reasonable estimate and replaced the capacitor. We were in a fix and they could have charged much more. We are thankful and strongly recommend them. A great family business we will use them again but hopefully not soon!; I recently had the pleasure of using RC Air for replacing my air conditioning unit, and I am thoroughly impressed with their professionalism, expertise, and outstanding customer service.

From the moment I contacted RC Air, their team was incredibly responsive and helpful. They scheduled an appointment promptly and arrived right on time, which was greatly appreciated. The technicians were courteous and knowledgeable, taking the time to explain each step and even the Wi-Fi thermostat process to me in detail.

What stood out the most was their attention to detail and thoroughness. They meticulously installed the new air conditioning system, ensuring that it was running efficiently by the time they finished. They even provided some valuable tips on how to maximize energy efficiency and prolong the lifespan of my unit, which I found extremely helpful. They also rebuilt the garage blower foundation.

In addition to their technical expertise, AC Air customer service was exceptional. They were polite, respectful of my home, and left the work area spotless after completing the job.

Overall, my experience with AC Air was nothing short of excellent. Their professionalism, expertise, and commitment to customer satisfaction have made them my go-to company for all future air conditioning needs. I would highly recommend AC Air to anyone looking for reliable and top-notch service for their HVAC systems.; Amazing experience so far!  They came two days earlier than originally scheduled which was very appreciated.   RC explained everything thoroughly including three different options.   They’re just wonderful!

Follow up:  I was told it would be one to two weeks to get the repairs done, but again they fit me in early and made it only 3 days after the estimate was done.   The work has been completed, my house is cool again and they came in under the estimate!    Thanks so much RC-you guys are awesome!!!!"
ChIJZakfA6OXwoARHISz_4ItHNQ,"KAN-Service® Heating and Air-conditioning, Appliance Repair, Plumbing","5643 Tilden Ave APT 4, Van Nuys, CA 91401, United States",4.9,208,,N/A,KAN Service did an outstanding job with our HVAC duct and vent cleaning. The crew was both efficient and professional.; KAN Service did a superb job with our HVAC duct and vent cleaning. Their crew was both friendly and efficient.; KAN Service did a great job with HVAC duct and vent installation. Their team was punctual and efficient.; I have always had good experience with Dans Heating Cooling from repair persons to phone contacts to make appt. It is so nice to have someone answer after hours too. You also do my Mom; Our HVAC duct and vent cleaning by KAN Service was completed flawlessly. The crew was professional and thorough.
ChIJGyGuuYnHwoAREcV9E4EwMZM,Signature HVAC Services,"2100 Estrella Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90007, United States",4.8,17,,N/A,"Fantastic job! The HVAC team was knowledgeable, courteous, and did an excellent job with our system. Our home is now comfortable and well-regulated.; Very happy with the service. The HVAC experts did a great job, worked quickly, and were careful not to damage our house. Our system is now fully functional.; Wonderful experience! Before they started the work, they gave a thorough quote. Very open and honest!; This business is great! They gave me full service and made sure I was happy before they let me go. I strongly advise!; They were really helpful and kind to one another. The heating issue was quickly resolved by them as soon as they arrived. Your work is great!"
ChIJQeieMKTr3IARjOTtB91_kCE,Air Care Heating And Air Conditioning,"30211 Avenida de las Banderas #200, Rancho Santa Margarita, CA 92688, United States",5,1003,,N/A,"I called out AirCare after the bad heatwave we had because my AC was not working too well. Joey came out to diagnose the system and it was low on freon which is what I had expected after a little research. He gave me a few options and I liked their company and pricing so I moved forward. The replacement was smooth and the team that came was amazing, they did a wonderful job and the AC has been working amazing. The company from start to finish was 5/5 and I’m happy I went with them and will recommend them to everyone!; I had a fantastic experience with Air Care and their install team. The process from beginning to end was great. They answered the phone right away and we were able to get an appoint for the next day in the middle of a 100+ degree heat wave. JP came out to diagnose the issues we’ve been having with our AC units and even though it was over 100 degrees outside he took the time to educate us on our system and his findings. We’ve been dealing with AC issues for years and no one has been able to figure it out. JP solved it within hours. We ultimately decided to replace the 3 systems because we no longer want to deal with the headaches. The installation went flawlessly. The install crew was clean and courteous and although it was hot they had a great attitude. We will never work with another company. Air care is amazing and we would highly recommend them!; Matt did such a great job with our tune up, ensuring our unit was performing at max efficiency. They were on time and very polite. Pricing is fair for such a good job. Will be recommending to our friends and neighbors; Air care did a fantastic job replacing our ACs! We've used them for years to do maintenance on all 4 of our systems. This year a couple of them gave out and we decided to replace them all. We received multiple quotes on replacing them because of the price point. We wanted to make sure the price we were quoted was fair and after speaking with 4 other contractors we confirmed Air Care's pricing was great. We pulled the trigger this week and they did an excellent job. We are incredibly happy with the new systems. They work great and are so much quieter then rhe old ones. Thanks again Air Care!; After conducting research, I decided to contact Air Care based on their excellent reviews on Yelp and Google.
I filled out their online form, and within 10 minutes I received a call from them! Impressive!
My first contact was with Matt, the service tech who was very informative and had a genuine personality. Matt explained the issues with the AC unit, which ran on freon, costing 500 a pound. During our conversation, he explained the different types of AC units. I opted to purchase a Train snd within an hour, I signed the contract for the unit and scheduled an installation appointment.
Four days later, Jose and Sabi arrived for the AC installation. They were punctual and explained the installation process.
I was impressed by how quickly and quietly they worked, without engaging in unnecessary chit-chat during the process.
The clean up was immaculate!
All an all, this job was a 10+++
Thank you to all your hard work!"
ChIJQdV5n9nJ3IARB75E4reu-j0,Friends & Family HVAC,"1611 Pomona Rd Suite 240, Corona, CA 92878, United States",5,766,,N/A,"Great guy and great work. Initial phone call was professional and they continued to impress from there. Came out within a day, were transparent with pricing (very good prices), and solved the issue same day. Thank you for a job well done. I can see you turning your customers into friends.; I had an amazing experience! Scheduling was easy, they check back the day before, and showed up on time. Drew did a fantastic job cleaning my AC unit and let me know what concerns there were. He also inspected the unit up in the attic. I was very please with how he explained things. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. Today I have Salvador and Nacho install my heating and AC units, as well as a purifier.  They did an amazing job. They were hard working the whole day. They were very professional and cleaned up after themselves. Friends and Family really has the best people working for them! So happy with my units. I will only work with Friends and Family from now on!!; I recently had an excellent experience with Friends & Family HVAC Repair Service when my air conditioning unit stopped working. Their customer service was outstanding, with a technician arriving promptly the next day. Mike, the technician, was professional and knowledgeable, quickly diagnosing the problem and offering clear repair options. He also performed a thorough check of my system and provided valuable maintenance tips. I highly recommend Friends & Family HVAC for anyone in need of reliable AC repair and maintenance!; Mike was my service technician for my home’s first ever AC maintenance/tune up! He was professional, informative, personable, and efficient! He provided recommendations for services I may consider in the future. I appreciate his thoroughness and will definitely recommend this company to my family and friends!

I felt an immediate pull to not even consider other companies after they reached out first for my quote. I spoke to a female on the phone prior to making my appointment for the service and she was equally as informative and friendly over the phone!; My wife and I just bought a new home and decided to take advantage of an Air/Heating tune-up offered by Friends & Family HVAC. I can't say enough good things about this company and its employees. From the first conversation I had with the scheduler Lorena, to the actual service by Leandro Alcantar, we received excellent customer service. Leandro was very informative and very professional. Plus, he was on time. The promotion price I was quoted by Lorena was the price I paid at the end. My wife and I will be using Friends & Family for years to come."
ChIJ5VApofi0woARubz2ZxM6K5g,Hawthorne HVAC Service,"15637 Hawthorne Blvd, Lawndale, CA 90260, United States",4.5,15,,N/A,"Friendly team and top-quality service. Very satisfied!; Exceptional service! My HVAC system is running smoothly.; Always dependable and professional. They do fantastic work!; They swiftly resolved my HVAC issue. Impressive work!; I was really looking forward to meeting with a technician from this company after all the 5 star reviews for an estimate of AC installation.  I had an appointment set for today 5/16 between 10&12. Perfect....waited, no show.  Called at 12:30.  They would call me back to see what happened.  Get a call from someone, tech is caught up on job but I can be there between 1&2. Ok fine.  Text message at 1:36 on my way.  Waiting....I called at 2:20 and he says I'm 20 minutes out. He's coming from the valley.  I'm like nope, I'm done.  No more waiting. After waiting 5 hours for an estimate and this is the service received before even hiring, sorry not happening!!!  I really wanted to be in that 5 star category."
ChIJ2875TZmRwoARTahTdOf4moE,Skills HVAC Services Inc,"14520 Plummer St, Panorama City, CA 91402, United States",5,22,,N/A,"I recently had an incredibly positive experience with Carlos from Skills HVAC Services, and I can't recommend them enough! Our AC unit broke down during one of the hottest days, and we were desperate for a quick and effective repair.

From the moment we called Carlos, we were impressed by his professionalism and responsiveness. And we were able to schedule an appointment the same day!

The repair itself was completed efficiently and effectively. Carlos identified the issue quickly, walked us through the necessary repairs, and provided an accurate estimate before starting any work. There were no surprises or hidden fees, which we greatly appreciated.

Since the repair, our AC has been running smoothly. The whole experience was stress-free and exceeded our expectations. If you're in need of AC repair, do yourself a favor and call Skills HVAC Services.

You won't be disappointed!; Under a heat wave nightmare and after calling several companies, I was lucky to found Skills HVAC. They immediately respond, gave me a time line, showed up on time and solved my problem. I'm thankful for the professional and efficient service, not to mention best prices in town!; We had a good experience with this company. Carlos came on time and was able to take care of the problem right away.  Our heater is fixed now.  He is punctual, professional and super friendly. I recommend Skills Hvac Services.; My central heater system went dead overnight. Carlos very quickly responded to my phone call and quickly repaired and fired up my home heating system. Amazing! Thank you so much!; Carlos went above and beyond in helping keep our failing furnace going until he could order the needed part and install it. He checked in frequently to see if it was still going and came out in the evening to get it going again when it was very cold. We were very appreciative!  He kept us informed while he waited for the part and installed it as soon as he got it. We know we have our HVAC guy going forward. Thank you Carlos."
ChIJfS4iU3Uxw4ARdmbwmNAUuOQ,"Steve's 5 Star Service Cooling, Heating & Plumbing","665 N Central Ave, Upland, CA 91786, United States",4.9,740,,N/A,"New water heater install:
Fats, professional and a good price. Andrew explained everything very well, got the job done in a timely manner and made sure to answer any questions I had. 10/10 would recommend. Had my furnace tuned up by Chris as well now, on 11/15/2024, again a great technician. He even installed my new thermostat and programmed it for me, once again great service!; I had an urgent issue with my furnace drain line, which I noticed late on Friday night. I had no choice but to shut off my AC until it was fixed. On Saturday morning, I called Steve’s 5 Star—the company that installed my unit two years ago—and was fortunate enough to speak with Janet (if I remember her name correctly). She was incredibly helpful and managed to arrange for someone to come out that very day.

Christian Flores arrived and immediately got to work identifying the problem—a clogged drain pipe. He didn’t hesitate to get his hands dirty, helping me dig outside to try and locate the pipe. Despite our efforts, we couldn’t find the drainage point, and Christian had to leave for his next appointment. He advised me to call back once the pipe was located.

After some effort, I discovered that the pipe had been accidentally capped during a recent landscaping job. I called Steve’s office again on Monday, and they were quick to schedule another visit. This time, Chris Urzua came by. He patiently listened as I explained everything we’d done so far and wasted no time getting to work. He confirmed that we had found the right drainage pipe, cleaned it out to ensure there were no clogs, and even repaired a broken section to prevent any leaks.

The entire team at Steve’s 5 Star was nothing short of professional, knowledgeable, and dedicated. I can’t recommend them enough for any AC-related issues—whether installation, maintenance, or emergency fixes. Thank you, Steve, and your amazing crew, for your outstanding work!; This company took over for Alber's. I called and they sent someone out same day, right away, on a weekend. Chris did an awesome job. He took the time to explain everything in great detail. Very thorough. Great communication. Friendly service. Very impressed. Highly recommend.; It's gotten to the point that I just expect excellent service from Steve's 5 Star Service. And again today I got it. Anthony came out to the house in the blazing heat to work on my AC unit.  He arrived exactly on time, took his time with the different units, thoroughly inspecting them and pointing out anything that I needed to know about them. Communicated every step he was taking and was incredibly respectful of my home. He also educated me on what the next couple years might look like with these units giving me ample time to budget. The shop always goes above and beyond. But probably the thing I like the most is just how nice and trustworthy their service individuals are. I highly recommend them to anyone needing AC/Heathing/Plumbing servicing.; Just had my AC unit serviced by Chris. He did a great job, was exactly on time, and was professional and friendly. He explained everything to me about what I needed done which was very helpful. I will definitely call Steve’s 5 Star service any time I need my AC serviced! And it was all done at a great price."
ChIJ8fL0QHTY3IAR2dA6vUPKTuU,Summit HVAC Services - Air Conditioning & Heat,"3525 W 5th St, Santa Ana, CA 92703, United States",4.6,15,,N/A,"Outstanding HVAC service! Professional, efficient, and transparent. Highly recommend!; very honest very reasonable rate no rip off no
dodging very knowledgeable  in auto mechanics; Excellent first class service; Best shop around.; Great place"
ChIJrR4naAbHwoARMJC3ulEx3f4,Accelerate HVAC Co.,"333 S Figueroa St, Los Angeles, CA 90071, United States",5,20,,N/A,"We do HVAC was assigned to me by my home warranty company after several other companies failed to do the job - and thank goodness!  They were able to solve the problem quickly, and were super easy to deal with.; I recently had a new HVAC system installed by WeDo HVAC, and I am beyond satisfied with the service they provided. From the initial consultation to the final installation, their team was professional, knowledgeable, and efficient. They took the time to understand my specific heating and cooling needs and recommended the perfect system for my home. The installation process was smooth, and the technicians were skilled and courteous. Now, my home is perfectly climate-controlled, and I couldn’t be happier with the results. I highly recommend WeDo HVAC for their exceptional HVAC installation services.; I was concerned about the cost and reliability of getting a new air conditioning system installed in my home. Thankfully, I found WeDo HVAC, and they exceeded my expectations in every way.
Gio, at WeDo HVAC was not only professional but also empathetic to my financial situation. He offered financing and provided me with a fair and affordable quote for the AC installation for my house in Woodland Hills, which was a huge relief.
The installation process went smoothly, and the technicians were courteous and respectful. They completed the job efficiently, leaving no mess behind. I couldn’t be happier with the results.
Now, my home is cool and comfortable, creating a better environment for my children and me.
If you’re a budget-conscious individual seeking reliable AC installation in Woodland Hills , I highly recommend WeDo HVAC. They truly care about their customers and go above and beyond to ensure satisfaction.; I am delighted to share my positive experience with WeDo HVAC for their outstanding air conditioning installation services. From the initial consultation to the final installation, their team was exceptional in every aspect.
The technicians from WeDo HVAC were knowledgeable, skilled, and efficient during the installation process. They took the time to assess my home's specific needs and recommended the perfect air conditioning system for my requirements. The installation was carried out with precision and attention to detail, and the end result was a flawless setup that has been performing exceptionally well.
The difference in comfort levels in my home after the installation is remarkable. The air conditioning system installed by WeDo HVAC has been keeping my home cool and comfortable, even during the hottest days of the summer. The quality of the equipment is evident in its performance and energy efficiency, resulting in lower energy bills and increased savings.
What impressed me the most was the excellent customer service provided by WeDo HVAC. Their team was prompt, courteous, and professional, and they went above and beyond to ensure that all my questions were answered and concerns were addressed. They took the time to explain the features and functionality of the system and provided valuable tips for optimal usage.
Furthermore, WeDo HVAC's pricing was competitive and transparent, without any hidden fees or surprises. They provided me with a detailed quote upfront and delivered on their promises, providing me with the best value for my investment.
I highly recommend WeDo HVAC for their exceptional air conditioning installation services. Their professionalism, expertise, and commitment to customer satisfaction are truly commendable. I am extremely satisfied with their services and confident in the performance of my air conditioning system. Thank you, WeDo HVAC, for your outstanding service and expertise!; As a father of three, it was a nightmare when our HVAC system stopped working. WeDo HVAC came to the rescue with their exceptional air duct cleaning and HVAC repair services.

The WeDo HVAC team quickly identified the issue and recommended air duct cleaning to improve the system’s performance. They efficiently cleaned the air ducts, eliminating years of dust and allergens.

The difference was incredible! Our HVAC system started working perfectly again, and the air quality in our home improved significantly.

I’m grateful to WeDo HVAC for their professionalism and expertise. They not only restored comfort to our home in Studio City but also ensured the well-being of my family.

If you’re facing HVAC issues or want to improve air quality, I highly recommend WeDo HVAC. Their air duct cleaning and HVAC repair services are impressive."
ChIJVdFBbpPH3IAR__1viQ9xtSI,Southwest Heating & Air Conditioning,"622 Alpine St, Los Angeles, CA 90012, United States",4.8,211,,N/A,"Replaced entire HVAC.
I took time to meet three companies and get multiple quotes before doing work.
This company was better prepared, offered more options, and was leagues ahead of others in terms of follow up, responses and communication. Very professional service. The owner of the company personally spent an enormous amount of time patiently walking me through options — and educating me about different systems and products. Installation team was excellent and meticulous — and owner came on site for several hours.  I’ve already referred them to several friends.; Absolutely wonderful experience. A different company came out and said our AC needed approximately $8K in repair. I asked Southwest for a quote - Bobby came out, cleaned the system - did some tests and got it up and running in 30 minutes. We had an annual contract with the other company, will cancel that in the morning and move all our business to Southwest. What an honest and friendly company.; Cannot say enough good things about this company and Mr. Wiseman. He did an incredible job and went above and beyond. He cleaned all the AC units at my place when my air stopped working and only charged me for one. He went through my whole house and walked me through the entire system and how to make sure everything functions efficiently to make sure I save money in the future. He treated me like he would any family member. I feel so grateful to have come across them! Such quick, efficient and amazing service!!!!; Southwest air came to our rescue when it was 104 degrees and our AC started to  blow hot air. They were over booked but Bobby called and made it on time, swiftly diagnosed the issue: voltage regulator had conked out. Replaced that, plus filters and cleaned the ducts and condenser. Also discounted his service by $100 . This is old fashioned gentleman style service, that is rare to find these days. I give my full recommendation without reservation for this company.; Mixed experience with this company. Before arriving they called me twice by mistake (trying to call other customers) and initially went to the wrong house. They then did get to my house. They correctly diagnosed the issue which turned out to have an insanely easy fix , and attempted to charge me $250 which was ridiculous. Talked them down to $175 which was still too high — especially bc the problem started up again as soon as they left. I was then able to fix it myself, as I’m now doing several times daily — so they didn’t do a permanent fix. I told them I wanted a refund but they ignored this request."
ChIJWeO8J6kn3YAR4d5w3MDDIxM,A1 HVAC Service of Westminster,"15252 Neece St, Westminster, CA 92683, United States",5,2,,N/A,"The technician arrived earlier than expected, which was fantastic. He swiftly discovered and corrected the issue I was having, and most importantly, he got my air conditioner working again.; Service received within 12 hours of making an emergency AC repair call. Excellent!!!"
ChIJSfZC7X5r24gRLFxyEdGQjf0,Rialto Foothill HVAC Services,"402 E Foothill Blvd, Rialto, CA 92376, United States",5,5,,N/A,"Centennial Termite Solutions Pest Control contractors are a reliable and trustworthy choice for pest control needs. Their professionalism, punctuality, and commitment to customer satisfaction set them apart from the rest.; I can't thank Centennial Termite Solutions enough for their exceptional pest control services. Their contractors are not only knowledgeable but also friendly and approachable. They took the time to answer all my questions and address my concerns.; We are delighted with the results of Centennial Termite Solutions' termite control service, thanks to their thorough and professional approach. Their advice on long-term control mechanisms was truly valuable.; Centennial Termite Solutions's commitment to delivering excellent customer service is evident in their dedication to resolving any issues promptly.; I am grateful to Centennial Termite Solutions for their reliable and skilled pest control contractors."
ChIJEfoSUWy7woARHtZ9McSNhtw,Universal Heating & Air,"2260 Maravilla Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90068, United States",4,139,,N/A,"*** Update: I have been in touch with the owner Perry who is doing his best to correct the situation. I look forward to updating my review once I have a fully operational system and clean filters.

They seemed great, at first. Unfortunately, they did not install anything properly. I have a brand new unit that has been leaking for 4 days and keep getting calls from different people who say that they will take care of it.
They have sent
Guy - No call back (original installer)
Erick - From what I can tell, he didn’t actually do anything
Johnny - No show.

I have called and spoke with Kim and asked for Perry the manager to call back and he never calls!!

12k to have a broken system and no follow through. Also, they worked bizarre hours with no communication. 10pm-midnight. Brought their spouses to the job to hang out and made a mess on my carpets and walls.

My recommendation is, do not hire!; Working with this company was the absolute best experience I’ve ever had and I have completely remodeled 2 homes! I was impressed with the Technician Guy right from the start. Not only was he very nice,respectful and polite, he only wanted to do what was best for me. Guy was able to diagnose the problem and order the part and get it installed in less than 72 hours. I am looking forward to a very stress free relationship with him in the future and will definitely recommend your company to neighbors, family and friends. Thank you again for a very professional and pleasant experience; This company delivered an open-box HVAC with no manufacturer's warranty paper inside but only a worn manual. When I called the installer to come back to repair the damage they caused to the house, they failed to show up within the scheduled timeframe, did not call to notify me of the delay, and accused me of ""making it difficult"" for them by not staying home waiting for them to show up.; Worst company ever. Unethical, unprofessional, and highly uneducated in their industry. They caused over $150,000 in Damages to my house. As a once construction contractor, I would never recommend this company. Beware

Update one year later due to poor workmanship. I hated you by the way another leak appeared due to incorrect installation of the coil in the attic. AGAIN, STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY.  POOR WORKMANSHIP, HORRIBLE COMPANY.

Another update. After having a new, more qualified, and professional air conditioning company out, They did a maintenance and inspected the poor workmanship that I'm still dealing with from this current air conditioning company. They were able to identify new problems such as improper installation of the condensation tube that runs through the attic, which carries the water outside the house. I can't express how horrible this air conditioning company is, and if this review keeps one person from having to experience all the horrible issues and hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages, it's all worth it.; Universal H&AC Repair installed a new furnace in my home. They were on time, kind and professional.  The crew of five completed the job in one day at a reasonable price. The T-stat they installed was defective. They came out immediately and replaced it when I called them.
Only issue is the system blows cold air in the evenings to the master bedroom. I need to call and have them check."
ChIJ_QRA7PvZ3IARV_z2N_rOkSc,Comfort Elite HVAC,"1080 N Batavia St Ste N, Orange, CA 92867, United States",4.5,89,,N/A,"Excellent customer service.  Benny was professional and knowledgeable and helped us get a higher end AC unit for a great price. The installers were on time, efficient, clean, respectful of us and our property. The new AC system is fantastic—gentle air flow, quiet, and should be much less expensive than our old system. We couldn’t be happier with entire experience and would not hesitate to use this company again or refer to others.; Elite has been handling our HVAC needs for several years now. We have a large house with sometimes complicated problems and they are always efficient, affordable, honest and extremely friendly. Nathan came out and serviced one of our units and got it running quickly for a very good price. He also ordered special filter sizes and come back and replaced my filters -   all at no charge.  Really impressive young man and really impressive company.  Highly recommend this company.; I was trying to reach the original installer of my AC/heating units for 10 days and finally gave up and call ELITE HVAC ... the closest company to me... and I am glad I did.
Benny came out on Wednesday.  We discussed my situation and I decided to go with new units.  Benny was very respectful and made good sense with his logic.
Thursday morning Pedro and Fernando arrived and went to work.  They were respectful and amiable to each other and with me.
Another crew came and picked up the old units.  After completion the area was clean.
I mainly spoke with Pedro. A very nice young man.  He installed my new thermostat and showed me how to use it.  There office lady was really helpful too.  All the Pandemic safety measures were followed.
I am looking forward to having them maintain my units in the future..  clip; BEWARE: This company, Comfort Elite claims they purchased Elite HVAC but I suspect that Comfort Elite and Elite HVAC are the SAME company. Comfort Elite will not honor the parts, labor and maintenance warranty from Elite HVAC. However, historically Comfort Elite has used the Elite HVAC web and internet name - FOR YEARS....this is a way to slide out of warranty obligations to consumers. Comfort Elite was rude, lied to us and was probably this most arrogant company we have ever had the misfortune to deal with - they illegally charged our credit card and retaliated when we reported them to the BBB and the State of California Contractors license board. Comfort Elite is so bold that they actually told us they were retaliating. This company used threats and intimidation to try to scare us into not asking questions. They love to claim that they are recording your phone conversations - so what I don't have anything to hid but this company sure does. If you had dealings with Elite HVAC file a claim against their bond if you were cheated out of parts. labor or maintenance warranty. I could not believe the depths of nasty behavior and manipulation that Comfort Elite exhibited - they are totally unprofessional and not trustworthy. I will NEVER deal with them or recommend them to anyone - ever.; Great service! Nathan is very knowledgeable and helped me understand my options. No upsell at all...the price was the same as the estimate. My AC is running quiet and cold. Ready for the summer.
Elite HVAC is a good and reputable company."
ChIJG0SOdJUsDogR2DtEi-mCHLc,BH Hvac Repair & Commercial Air Conditioning Company,"307 N San Marino Ave, San Gabriel, CA 91775, United States",5,12,,N/A,"R.J. Heating & Cooling come to service my AC unit replace my capacitor. Tech arrived on time and was very professional and knowledgeable in his trade. He uses these freon props that show you a very accurate way to see how your AC unit performs at the rate it is supposed to. I really enjoyed conversing with him as he worked. I even signed up for a service plan A++ work. I will recommend to friends and neighbors.; Jack was great!  He did a great job servicing my furnace and humidifier. He installed 2 thermostats and explained everything along the way.  I'm happy I called R.J. Heating & Cooling and feel good he explained the club program to take advantage of club benefits and and services in the future.  Thanks again!; I always turn to R.J. Heating & Cooling firm for all of my heating and cooling requirements. Their services are trustworthy and dependable. Their crew are honest and highly skilled and finished the work within the specified time. Would refer my friends to them and recommend them further.; We have had contractors from R.J. Heating & Cooling out twice in the past few months; once for a water heater replacement and then again this week for work on our furnace. Both the technicians took excellent care of us. We were most impressed with their integrity and communication. We highly recommend R.J. Heating & Cooling and will call them again as needed.; We have used R.J. Heating & Cooling twice so far and have been extremely satisfied with both the service and the products provided.  Even though this is a well established company, the owner is still hands on and clearly prides himself on satisfying the customer.  We have nothing but positive things to say about the hardworking, knowledgeable installers and the professional customer service people at the office.  We did our research and the rates were fair, service was prompt and we would recommend this company to anyone needing an a/c unit or service."
ChIJR7supiL1qYkRS84UlylKXz8,Muirlands HVAC Services,"25872 Muirlands Blvd, Mission Viejo, CA 92691, United States",4.3,4,,N/A,"Paramounte did our survey and we were impressed with their quick turnaround.; Highly recommend.
You won't be disappointed by their level of professionalism.; Good people a++++they run the business like  family very professional worked; "
ChIJZ87Dn365woARcqfL59YnyJo,Brody Pennell Heating & Air Conditioning,"8599 Venice Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90034, United States",4.9,3763,,N/A,"We had a service call yesterday and Kevin Lopez was our technician.  The whole experience was excellent from start to finish.  Kevin was super professional and friendly and he was very thorough in his examination and cleaning of our heating and A/C systems.  He took many photos so was able to show us the actual state of each part which was very helpful.  He replaced all the filters and tested everything to make sure it was running correctly and efficiently.  We signed up on our first visit 6 months ago for the yearly maintenance plan and, after this excellent check-up, we're so glad we did. They called us to let us know it was time for a visit so we didn't have to keep track, and we were able to schedule a visit very quickly and easily.  It is well worth the expense to have someone oversee this most important part of your home maintenance and the technician couldn't have been any better.; Brody Pennell has EXCELLENT customer service. From the dispatcher, Lou who took my call and was able to schedule a service the same day. He was considerate of my preferred time and was able to accommodate an earlier appointment. Juan Romo was the technician who came to do the maintenance. From the moment he walked in he was professional, clean, and respected our home. He was extremely thorough and assessed every aspect of our unit. After the service, he went over everything he worked on and explained anything that needed immediate attention or improvement in the future. He also made recommendations without feeling like it was a sales pitch. Overall a great experience and we signed up for their membership because of it.; Anthony and Steven did a wonderful job diagnosing and fixing our furnace issues. The guys were polite, friendly, and clearly very knowledgeable about their trade. Much was explained to me in a clear and helpful way. I am very happy with how thorough they were!; Cesar was excellent. My heater was not working and at first he could not detect the problem. He rescheduled my appointment to make sure he had plenty of time to determine the problem and to resolve it. He is a great communicator and explained exactly what needed to be done. I am very pleased with his work, his attention to cleanliness and his willingness to stay until the job was completed.; James H. came out to help us out and was an absolute all-star. Friendly  knowledgeable, clean and efficient in every way. Gave a full rundown on the status of our system, really went above and beyond in the service and left the place spotless. Just an outstanding experience.

We've had to deal with a lot of different companies and the one's we have worked with in the past were always a headache, unprofessional,  expensive, and difficult to even schedule. LIving in southern California you need cooling for life to be bearable and the guys that Brody Pennell send out have been the best and James was really an exemplar of that tradition of reliability and professionalism. We couldn't be happier and will continue being loyal customers in the future."
ChIJdU7oxW-XwoARKAtz5N1UaNs,PRO AIR TECH HVAC,"13500 Cantara St, Panorama City, CA 91402, United States",5,31,,N/A,"Frank resolved our A/C not cooling this past April and last week. He replaced our blower motor in April, and fan motor and capacitors last week, buying us time to keep our unit. He's honest (makes us aware that our unit is close to its end of life), responsive (responds to calls and texts within an hour) and polite (removes his shoes when entering our place). His prices are reasonable. Would recommend his services!; Frank was a tremendous help! Our A/C went out on one of the hottest weeks of the year. He answered our call in the evening. To our surprise, he was at our door in 20 minutes! He was literally a  lifesaver! He got the job done and went the extra mile! Would recommend!; Excellent work! Frank’s always kept his word throughout the process from the initial point of contact. He isn’t just trying to completely replace your whole unit if he can fix it. Most HVAC companies will almost always try to sell you on a completely new unit. Frank spent a lot of time trying to troubleshoot the AC to get it to work. Thanks for helping us out Frank; Amazing company! Farrukh is professional and very knowledgeable. He gave me a very reasonable quote and got the job done on time within budget. I feel giving less than 5 star! rating is doing injustice to hardworking professional like him. We always have to give a chance to reliable trust worthy small HVAC business owners to drive our local economy strong like never before. Definitely recommend him.; I had to request technician to fix my A/C unit before hot summer arrives. My old rusted vent was a main reason why I wasn’t able to get cold air during hot spring waves. Finally got approval from building  owner and he hired this guys to  replace  old rusted vent to a new one. Now new A/C blowing cold air and making my 2 bedroom very cold in short period of time. Thank you for your service and fast installation process."
ChIJlcoTw8nJwoARVGkBtbKRdqc,Manny's Heating & Air Conditioning,"2753 E Slauson Ave, Huntington Park, CA 90255, United States",4.8,97,,N/A,"Manny’s Heating and Air exceeded my expectations! Their communication was clear and responsive, making the entire process smooth and hassle-free. The pricing was competitive, offering great value for the quality of work. The technician was not just knowledgeable but also meticulous in ensuring a high-quality installation. Professionalism is clearly a priority for them, and it shows in every aspect of their service. I highly recommend Manny’s Heating and Air for anyone in need of reliable and top-quality HVAC services.; Jerry did a great job at our business Las Alondra’s Bakery. The whole Mannys heating and air conditioning team were very efficient and courteous from beginning to end.  Will be using their services again if needed.; The installation technicians just finished installing a new 4 ton condenser and fan coil in my condo unit. They were knowledgeable, courteous, clean and did a great job. Expensive but well worth the price in expertise.; Manny's Heating & Air Conditioning saved my home from this crazy weather we've been having.  Excellent service they provided same day and very affordable.

I came home one day to my ac unit not blowing cold air and a hit house.  The vents in my house just kept blowing warm air.

I tried to figure out what the problem was on my on but it didn't work.

So I searched up on Google HVAC companies and fortunately  found Manny's Heating and Air Conditioning.

I saw that it was a family owned and operated business, so I wanted to show my support.

I called them this morning and the friendly staff member named Giselle picked up the phone and answered my questions and set up a same day appointment with an HVAC technician to come out and fix the problem. About 2 hours later I get a confirmation text from Manny's HVAC telling me their HVAC technician is on their way with a map showing how far away they are and an eta on when they will arrive.

Their amazing HVAC technician Frank was on time exactly, and quickly started working on fixing the problem. He went came inside and checked my thermostat,  the filter inside my house, the ac unit outside in NY backyard, and the Heating unit/furnace in my attic.

He was very knowledgeable and knew what was wrong with my HVAC system.

Frank explained to me every step of the way what was going on and was very respectful. He even wore those shoe cover wraps inside my house.

He informed my of the issue with my hvac system and how he was fixing it.

He even showed me pictures of the problem and how it was fixed.

He also informed my that my vent filter needed replacing and showed me all the dust that was clogged up on it. He was able to make a new clean custom filter for me right there on the spot.

He then reviewed all his work and checked that the hvac system. Was Heating and Cooling properly.  He used some temperature measuring device on the vents in different rooms to make sure the it was blowing cool air and warm air properly.

I am very appreciative on how great a job Frank did on fixing the HVAC system in my house and was able to complete it in less than 1 hour and at a very affordable price.

Thank you Frank and Manny's Heating & Air Conditioning for doing such a great job and saving me and my family from this wild Southern California weather we have been having.

I would definitely recommend you to family and friends.

And to anybody reading this in need of HVAC services you are making the right choice and choosing them to take care of your Heating,  Ventilation,  and Air Conditioning needs.

Thanks again Frank and Manny's Heating and Air Conditioning you have made another happy and satisfied customer.; Manny's Heating and AC have been helpful to myself and clients of mine.   On time, reasonable rates, clear communication."
ChIJmdPnjU3V3IARKpHZkPiodyw,HVAC Service Fullerton,"1350 E Chapman Ave #6384, Fullerton, CA 92834, United States",4,8,,N/A,"They were very professional and a pleasure to work with. Our sales consultant Stan was knowledgeable and did a great job building a system that suited our needs, and Dan and his installation team were very professional and efficient with the installation. Everything was clean when they left, and they took care to protect the floors during the installation.; My friend recommended this company and it was a good decision to work with them. He was very responsive, answered all questions in detail and did a very good job replacing our old HVAC system.
Throughout the process, we felt that our needs were prioritized and given full attention.
I highly recommend these professionals.; This is an odd business, something doesn’t feel right.  The address shows it’s rock throwing distance from my house (I’ll explain why this matters later).

I called for an appointment and the person on the other end seemed a bit confused at first when I mentioned I needed someone to check the AC during this heat wave.  He took the info and scheduled an appointment within a 2 hour window.  I gave them 3 and no one showed.

I called them again and the same distinctive voice answered.  I asked about the appointment and he said there wasn’t one, then asked who I talked to and if I’m sure I got the right number , to which I said “I used redial so yes this is the number and I talked to you, I recognize your voice”.

He then said something like we have a company in your area, but no appointment scheduled.  Looking at the address I’m thinking “your company is in my area”.

I’m not sure if this business moved or possibly and more likely just runs referrals.; This company was super easy to do business with. They were thoughtful and careful around the house. They have an excellent team that provided us with a fantastic ducted mini split system.; Great service"
ChIJkRQ4hzVkw4ARUrCeUiNdgdU,Comfort HVAC Repair Systems Inc,"14800 7th St, Victorville, CA 92395, United States",5,1,,N/A,
ChIJAQAAAABFBFQRXbSifDIrMpg,Best HVAC & Wall Heater Repair Los Angeles,"2836 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90026, United States",5,9,,N/A,"AC Repair in Los Angeles provided expert service when my air conditioning system needed attention. The technician arrived on time, diagnosed the issue with precision, and explained everything in a way that was easy to understand. The repair was done efficiently, and now my AC is running perfectly. Their professionalism and expertise made the whole process smooth and stress-free. I highly recommend them for any AC service needs!; AC Repair in Los Angeles is a first-class HVAC repair service company. The technician arrived on time and was such an expert in repairing my AC that was not starting up. He did a thorough and clean job throughout. His customer service was very remarkable, and his price was affordable. I highly recommend this guy to everyone.; AC Repair in Los Angeles handled my AC system installation seamlessly. They carefully removed the old unit and installed the new system with precision. The team was professional, explained the process thoroughly, and ensured everything was set up correctly. The new AC is working perfectly, and their service was top-notch.; Your technician was incredibly amazing. I had him out today to repair my AC not turning on. He was timely, courteous, and knew exactly what he was doing. He had fixed the unit in just a matter of time. Thank you very much, AC Repair in Los Angeles! Keep up the good work always!; The whole service satisfied me. I would recommend AC Repair in Los Angeles to someone who wants satisfactory and reliable work. The technician I hired that day was extremely knowledgeable about my home AC repair needs, and his service was exceptional. My unit is in good working order now. Thank you, guys!"
ChIJk-ouR5THwoAR8ZQODmjB3dg,"JW Plumbing, Heating and Air","313 W 31st St, Los Angeles, CA 90007, United States",4.8,1384,,N/A,"Our system was installed February 2022, so it is fairly new. Today’s visit was part of my service contract. They check out the System twice a year. We have been extremely happy with the system And all our dealings with service champions . The new unit is so much more efficient than our old one. My service technician today was Joe. He was excellent. Friendly, professional, well spoken, and explained everything in detail to me. I would highly recommend this company for all your household needs.; We were fortunate in that we were able to take advantage of the changes taking place with AC requirements just as they were coming into effect.  The technicians were efficient and courteous, always taking the time to explain the steps in installing both a new furnace and a new AC condenser--both the latest models.   We appreciated their care in minimizing any necessary inconvenience.  Above all, they were highly personable, quick to laugh and make us think of them as new friends.; The morning started with water building up in my ceiling (a bathroom on top of a living room in a two-story home), which I first saw at 6 a.m. on a Tuesday morning. Thinking about any professional plumbing service that would come to mind, I called Adeedo (for whatever reason it came up later as JW Heating and Air) at about 7 a.m. They said they would have a plumber out between 8 a.m. and 10 a.m. There was no mention of a service charge.

The plumber arrived. I never got a call when the plumber arrived, but a Text message, with an agent asking if I can let them. I told them I never got a call. They said they called. I later found that AT&T, my cellphone provider, listed them as spam. That should have been a sign.

I went outside to greet the plumber and let him in. He looked at the ceiling, sagging with water and all, and said that it would be a $250 service charge...which would be dropped if I went with their service.

I had an emergency service needed, and I didn't have time or the patience to think about the ridiculous service charge, or their failure to mention it—I maybe would have called Downey Plumbing or another reputable plumber instead with a less steep cost of entry. Whatever.

The plumber set up his ladder and cleaning area, and knocks a hole in the sagging ceiling, water spills out. He proceeds to knock a bigger hole in the wall so he could look into the ceiling. Reasonable.

He peeps his head into the newfound hole in the ceiling and says my drainage pipe is busted and the wood is ruined. And they would need to tear out the ceiling and wall. And proceeded to tell me about two options. One for $8,000 and another for $13,000. I said ""you can see all that damage from up there?"" he assured me that was the case, and asked if I would like to start service. I told him I'd think it over.

I told him I'd pay the service charge. He started to open up the camera app on his phone and said he will charge me later. I demanded he charge me now because I didn't feel comfortable with him having a picture on my credit card on my phone.

He charged my card, took his ladder and left.

I took my ladder and flashlight from my garage, which he obviously didn't know I had, and looked up there.

I could not see a single pipe in there.

I called a local plumber friend who was available much later because the water leak seemed to have stopped earlier. After some troubleshooting, and him confirming there was no drainage pipe in my ceiling, we found that the water spout in my bathroom was leaking into the wall. It just needed to be replaced. at $40 tip (even less with a lower quality spout).

I would in no way recommended this company. The consultant they sent out, who was unable to do more work than to just break open a ceiling, lied. I will never hire Adeedo or any of their affiliates for any work for my house ever. I understand that bigger plumbers have a higher cost, but lying about damage to get $8,000 or $13,000 in work is ridiculous.

And if you do go with this company, I'd suggest at the minimum to get a second opinion to ensure the damage they talked about is legitimate.; Tech Freddy arrived on time.  He was courteous and professional.  He did a maintenance check on my AC condenser per our contract.  He removed the protective grilles and gave a thorough clean job on all aluminum fin panels.  I appreciate his kind explanation of what he did for my AC and its health status.

I Would love to have Freddy come back next year and thereafter to help me run the AC system smoothly for an extended period of time.; JW did an excellent job installing a new HVAC system at my house about 8 years ago.  Recently, my thermostat went out and Roberto Bautista was sent to fix it the same day I called.  He was very professional!  He was thorough and knowledgeable and did a fantastic job.  This company IS pricey, but you get what you pay for! Hopefully the other employees are as nice as Roberto!"
ChIJ3zWpOQNv-q4R_H-kVIeN4GM,HNZ Heating and Air Conditioning,"3883 Martin Luther King Jr Blvd, Lynwood, CA 90262, United States",5,26,,N/A,"Very quick and knowledgeable, Our Ac was not blowing cold air, they detected a leak and fixed it right away. They said if the problem returns they will most probably have to replace the coil, but they said to try the line seal repair first 👏; HNZ replaced our old company after we weren’t satisfied with the previous one. They serviced our 3 AC/heat units and we recently had a flood that damaged part of the furnaces and some ducts.  Tony came out today. He was on time. Spend a few hours repairing everything. He was professional and respectful. I recommend this company work and workers. Keep it up!; I would highly recommend this place. During the bad heat wave we had my air went out. Most places I called told we I had to wait a week. This company came out the same day and fixed the problem within minutes.
Today I called them because my primary was clogged and it was going out to emergency secondary. They came out today and had it cleaned out in less than 10 min. They are really good and they do not over charge for their services.; Very pleasant to help out and friendly. Came on time, respectful, I was very impressed on the way he took care of things. Would really recommend 100% and if I ever have any issues, I would gladly contact them again.; I am very pleased with the work of, service technician, Jorge Gaytan. He is very professional, customer service oriented and helpful. He installed a new wireless thermostat and he took the time to help me install the app on my phone and learn how to control the thermostat from my phone. Thank you, Jorge!"
ChIJwc-pazATK4cRbL6tALIpIto,Rick's HVAC & Water Heating Repair Sherman Oaks,"15233 Ventura Blvd Suite 503, Sherman Oaks, CA 91403, United States",4.7,18,,N/A,"The service was exceptional! A buddy of mine recommended Bradley Brothers HVAC Company. They arrived promptly as scheduled, even gave a courtesy call and text beforehand. My technician, Jonah, was fast and efficient. I appreciate the excellent AC repair service! I'll definitely be using your services for future AC needs and maintenance. My family and I are grateful, we're back to enjoying a cool house in Phoenix! Thanks again!; Bradley Brothers HVAC Company provided me with top-notch service! They were punctual and courteous. whenever i had a question, Jonah was there to answer and made sure i understood what was wrong with my AC. i strongly recommend them to my loved ones in Phoenix. A big thank you for your excellent AC repair service, Bradley!; Jonah, the HVAC specialist from Bradley Brothers HVAC Company who visited us in Phoenix, demonstrated exceptional skill, efficiency, and professionalism. I'm planning to utilize their HVAC maintenance services for my twice-yearly system inspection. The team responded to our service call for HVAC repair in less than 24 hours and managed to replace our air conditioning system within just one business day. The service they provided was truly remarkable!; This Phoenix branch provides top-notch customer service and unbeatable prices. I have used their services for AC repairs and maintenance and have always been satisfied. My most recent experience was with an AC unit upgrade, thanks to Bradley, the sales manager, who took his time explaining the different models and offering his expert advice. I couldn't be more thrilled with my new AC unit from Bradley Brothers HVAC Company.; I'm truly fond of Bradley Brothers HVAC Company. Yes, their services might be slightly more expensive than some, but the superb quality of their work justifies it since they always nail it on the first try. There's never a need for a follow-up repair. One Sunday, our AC broke down when my wife was home alone in Phoenix. We contacted Bradley Brothers and Bradley, Jonah, and another technician came over, evaluated the issue, and swiftly fixed it. They were exceptionally polite and professional. Thank you so much, guys."
ChIJpwE0Qxovw4ARpbxN5EZzsFw,AARD Mechanical Air Conditioning & Heating,"855 W Lambert Rd, Brea, CA 92821, United States",4.9,393,,N/A,"Our air wasn’t working as well as it had been previously and so we called AARD as they were recommended to us by family. Our technician Allan was great. Very knowledgeable and kind. He broke down everything that he did and what he found. He was very honest and took his time with everything. We also spoke with the owner Rose about all the findings and she answered all of our questions even though she was off for the day. She would even respond to emails after hours when we definitely weren’t expecting her to!

We ended up needing a brand new Air Condenser and Coil as our machine was 20 years old and working in over drive! We did get other bids but ended up going with AARD because of their professionalism, knowledge, honesty, and timeliness! We feel 100% with our decision to use them and will definitely use them in the future when we want to work on our duct system next!!; Alan is the best technician! He came out a few times to troubleshoot my unit and on the 3rd time, he was able to fix it. He took his time on the repair and showed me what he was doing. He took the time to explain to me what was wrong and how he's going to fix it.

AARD is a fair and honest company. They don't try to upsell you on anything and they want to make sure you are comfortable and understand what is needed to get the job done.; The entire team at AARD is amazing. From the communication with Precious to Frida, to Allan the technician who came, to Rose, the owner. Allan was able to diagnose the issue and get my AC system running in about 2 hours. It would have taken less time, I’m sure, if our AC unit wasn’t on the roof and our breakers were labeled correctly. I contacted AARD due to a high recommendation. With their services and quality provided, I will also be using their services again.; This is the second time we’ve used AARD Mechanical and they do not disappoint. Our contractor left a duct completely disconnected with air just blowing throughout the attic. AARD sent two super friendly and proficient technicians out within a day and they had it taken care of within 30 minutes. Highly recommend AARD.; Top Notch Service. Diagnostics are truly no charge.  We were looking to replace our old furnace and AC unit since it was over 30 yrs old. The technician provided us a detailed report of what was required. He was very respectful and professional. The cost was vey fairly priced for quality components- AC Pro. I had the privilege of discussing details regarding the installation, Again, Customer service and communication is top notch. removal of the old units and install of new took a full day, though we were quoted two days. The installers were very professional and respectful of property. 5 Stars for this company."
ChIJB8I03XK_woARZKRZIVZTnZI,Local HVAC Services,"1825 N Las Palmas Ave apt #531, Los Angeles, CA 90028, United States",3.7,6,,N/A,"Misdiagnosis that would have cost me 2k. Techs have zero understanding of Hvac. No quote, no license was provided. The office didn't pick up my calls until I called from a random number to ask for the quote. It's been over 2 weeks. Thank god I found someone else to fix an issue that took one hour and $350. Go elsewhere.; I contacted this company based on their stellar reviews. Our AC was not cooling the house properly so they came out and found it to be not functioning properly and said we needed a new system. We spent almost $6,000 getting a new system installed and 24 hours later, my ceiling was caving in and water was leaking everywhere. I called immediately and asked them to fix it and send out a different crew. They sent the same crew out and I was told they installed the drainage slope incorrectly and that caused the leak. 24 hours after they ""repaired"" the leak, I now have water draining from the roof outside my house and pooling around the HVAC system and my doorway. There is no was this is done to code. The new thermostat was faulty and a week later, I still have no thermostat installed. I have a caved-in ceiling, water damage, and now pooling water outside my home. On top of all that, they left dozens of screws and broken/cut pieces of PVC pipe all around the install area in the attic.

I have called on three occasions and asked to speak to the manager, AJ, by name and have only gotten responses via text from booking agents and not the manager. If your company caves in someone's ceiling, leaks water inside their home, and does not have working equipment to install, I would think a call from the manager or owner would be IMMEDIATE! I am very frustrated and do not trust any of the work that has been done. Now I am waiting to see what the handyman is ""allowed"" to fix when I should get all new insulation and drywall in my damaged ceiling. I do not recommend this company at all!; Was amazing service , they replaced my ac and everything was perfect , definitely recommend !; Amazing team! On-time services and highly recommendable company in town so far!; We have been customers of  Local HVAC Service for years and would highly recommend them for any HVAC maintenance and/or repairs"
ChIJPbGdgYveJIcRTX1Nm7jh2RY,Alvarado Ac Repair & Commercial Hvac Contractor,"1866 Sunset Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90026, United States",4.5,15,,N/A,"I was so happy with the service that I decided to write my very first review of Echo Park Heating and Air Conditioning. My ac that was not cooling was fixed within an hour at a reasonable charge, and the technician also provided some advice on how to keep it running well. I've had a couple of not-so-great experiences with other repair companies before, so it felt great to finally find someone reliable, trustworthy, and deserving of the 5-star ratings!; I will call Echo Park Heating and Air Conditioning again if I need an upright and affordable service. I rarely trust people's service, but this company's staff really made me hopeful with their fantastic help. After waiting a minute, the technician came out and proficiently performed my air conditioning and heating repair needs. I strongly recommend your exceptional service.; Echo Park Heating and Air Conditioning has one of the best technicians I worked with. He is my partner for the annual maintenance check-ups I need. I will be forever thankful for his services. Keep up the good work always!; My interaction with Echo Park Heating & Air Conditioning was first-rate. My AC wasn't starting at first, but their personnel quickly identified the issue and fixed it with skill and professionalism. They stand out for their excellent communication and timely service. Strongly advised.; One thing is for sure, when you come to Echo Park Heating and Air Conditioning, professional AC repair services offerings are in superb supply. It offers trained, prompt and well-counseled technicians so that every repair is perfect in its first attempt. They were very thorough and extremely service oriented which impressed me. There's no better choice for air conditioning repair you can count on than Echo Park Heating and Air Conditioning."
ChIJjYgX6jfAwoARFteLmOwzeTQ,HVAC Contractor - American Cool and Heat,"1349 N Columbus Ave, Glendale, CA 91202, United States",4.8,53,,N/A,"I had my AC replaced today by HVAC Contractor - American Cool and Heat, and I couldn't be more impressed! Rafi and his team are absolutely AMAZING. From start to finish, their professionalism was top-notch—they arrived on time, worked with incredible skill, and left everything neat and tidy. It’s not often that you find a team that combines precision with such a genuine, honest approach. I’m truly grateful to have discovered this company a year ago, and since then, I’ve used their services multiple times. Each experience has been just as outstanding as the last. I will definitely continue to rely on Rafi and his team for all my HVAC needs. I highly recommend HVAC Contractor - American Cool and Heat to everyone. Their exceptional service is greatly appreciated, and they’ve definitely earned my trust!; The landlord finally sprung for central air, how sweet to have A/C and heat… American Cool and Heat showed up for the job.
The team was professional, courteous and super skilled at their trade.
If you’re in need of anything having to do with warm or cold air… these are the people to call.; This company is fantastic. I've used them twice. On both occasions, a highly skilled and knowledgeable technician was sent out, and my issues were resolved.  If you need your AC issues fixed promptly and professionally, give them a call. AC issues are usually urgent, and they respond very quickly.; They came quickly, explained what they were going to do and refilled the coolant. They did try to upsell me a bit for other services, but not high pressure and I was familiar with the issue and only wanted Freon. Thank you for your help!; Very trustable!, reliable, and fair! We will always use him!  Nice to know that there are still good working companies that value their customers. Thank you!!!"
