place_id,name,formatted_address,rating,user_ratings_total,opening_hours,website,reviews,recent_reviews
ChIJbez8ourN-YgRmxGE5TvNCe8,NYC Emergency Plumber & Sewer,"17 Cleveland Pl, New York, NY 10012",5,31,,N/A,"I'd want to join the huge list of happy clients NYC Plumbing has amassed. I had a quick yet positive business interaction with them. I called them to schedule a visit from a repairman for the malfunctioning toilet in my master suite and a plumber showed up at my house. Henry the technician was a pleasant man who liked to talk. His experience and training made fixing my toilet look like a breeze. My broken toilet was fixed in less than fifteen minutes. The plumber was only at my house for a brief while, but during that time we had some great conversations. Bravo to NYC Plumbing and its employees.; When Davin arrived at my home to help with numerous minor difficulties, he exceeded all previous service repair professionals I had encountered, making him the best. Personal fervor, drive, and kindness and virtue. Instead of sending an uninformed repair specialist from a huge retail store to remove my pipes without considering my home's age, the person gave me alternate advice. I endorse him. Such admirable people are rare. Authentic, honest, and generous people like Mitch are rare. My best wishes for your personal and professional success. Mitch, we're grateful. Rest assured that we will reach you if needed.; I was facing a critical issue. My hourly water output was 23% higher than usual, and I racked up a $200 water bill as a result. Somewhere, I sprung a leak. Since I live alone, my monthly expenses rarely go over $100. Not extremely customer service oriented, I called a few businesses before turning to online reviews to find a plumber. The reviews for NYC Plumbing were all five stars, so I gave them a ring. I initiated contact with Henry. He estimated a 7 o'clock arrival time and made it. This was a sneaky leak. Nothing within the house betrayed the presence of a leak. He probed every possible direction. Water supply lines were turned off. He excels in his field to an unprecedented degree. But this is the most important part, at least to me. He told me, ""nobody ever wakes up thinking they want to call a plumber."" The statement holds true. Pipes are the last item on your mind when something goes wrong, because everyone assumes they are indestructible. He is more than simply a business; he has a soul. He was sensitive to my budgetary constraints, and I was impressed by his determination to track down a leak that seemed hopelessly hidden. Few individuals would offer such unselfish assistance as he did. He and his company have earned my highest recommendation, and I intend to use them for all future plumbing work. Outside and inside.; I am satisfied with the plumbing service they provided overall. The initial employee performed the task improperly. Leonard entered but neglected to clear the proper conduit. He elected to repair the discharge conduit, resulting in a backup. Henry, the second man, arrived the next day to repair the commode conduit and other issues. Henry and his crew accurately completed the mission. Henry receives a passing grade. They were incredibly helpful!; NYC Emergency Plumber has been used by us on multiple occasions. They fixed a little leak outdoors, updated my water softener and pressure reducer, and installed a new water heater. They discovered the water heater was still covered by the manufacturer's warranty, which resulted in significant cost savings. We had to change out the lighting in the main bedroom this time. When I had a few queries, the proprietor, Henry came to the office to address my issues. Their pricing are reasonable, their service is professiona I can relax knowing that everything was done properly at the end of the day. strong endorsement!","When Davin arrived at my home to help with numerous minor difficulties, he exceeded all previous service repair professionals I had encountered, making him the best. Personal fervor, drive, and kindness and virtue. Instead of sending an uninformed repair specialist from a huge retail store to remove my pipes without considering my home's age, the person gave me alternate advice. I endorse him. Such admirable people are rare. Authentic, honest, and generous people like Mitch are rare. My best wishes for your personal and professional success. Mitch, we're grateful. Rest assured that we will reach you if needed.; I'd want to join the huge list of happy clients NYC Plumbing has amassed. I had a quick yet positive business interaction with them. I called them to schedule a visit from a repairman for the malfunctioning toilet in my master suite and a plumber showed up at my house. Henry the technician was a pleasant man who liked to talk. His experience and training made fixing my toilet look like a breeze. My broken toilet was fixed in less than fifteen minutes. The plumber was only at my house for a brief while, but during that time we had some great conversations. Bravo to NYC Plumbing and its employees.; I am satisfied with the plumbing service they provided overall. The initial employee performed the task improperly. Leonard entered but neglected to clear the proper conduit. He elected to repair the discharge conduit, resulting in a backup. Henry, the second man, arrived the next day to repair the commode conduit and other issues. Henry and his crew accurately completed the mission. Henry receives a passing grade. They were incredibly helpful!; NYC Emergency Plumber has been used by us on multiple occasions. They fixed a little leak outdoors, updated my water softener and pressure reducer, and installed a new water heater. They discovered the water heater was still covered by the manufacturer's warranty, which resulted in significant cost savings. We had to change out the lighting in the main bedroom this time. When I had a few queries, the proprietor, Henry came to the office to address my issues. Their pricing are reasonable, their service is professiona I can relax knowing that everything was done properly at the end of the day. strong endorsement!; I was facing a critical issue. My hourly water output was 23% higher than usual, and I racked up a $200 water bill as a result. Somewhere, I sprung a leak. Since I live alone, my monthly expenses rarely go over $100. Not extremely customer service oriented, I called a few businesses before turning to online reviews to find a plumber. The reviews for NYC Plumbing were all five stars, so I gave them a ring. I initiated contact with Henry. He estimated a 7 o'clock arrival time and made it. This was a sneaky leak. Nothing within the house betrayed the presence of a leak. He probed every possible direction. Water supply lines were turned off. He excels in his field to an unprecedented degree. But this is the most important part, at least to me. He told me, ""nobody ever wakes up thinking they want to call a plumber."" The statement holds true. Pipes are the last item on your mind when something goes wrong, because everyone assumes they are indestructible. He is more than simply a business; he has a soul. He was sensitive to my budgetary constraints, and I was impressed by his determination to track down a leak that seemed hopelessly hidden. Few individuals would offer such unselfish assistance as he did. He and his company have earned my highest recommendation, and I intend to use them for all future plumbing work. Outside and inside."
ChIJJcpkz8TBM4gRjIdmOVfvl80,Nexus New York Plumber & Drain,"268 Bowery FLOOR 3, New York, NY 10012",5,51,,N/A,"I called New York Plumbing to get a second opinion because the plumber was exceedingly nasty and his quote for five days of work sounded excessive. The expert arrived on the same day and resolved the problem in about two hours. The improved service was well worth the price, even if it was undoubtedly not inexpensive.; Before listing our house for sale, we knew we'd have to upgrade the septic system and drain field. I loved New York Plumbing so much. They were reasonably priced, arrived on time, and even came in under their original estimate! The owner provided us with his personal mobile number but we never needed to contact him. Joelle, who performed the first inspection and stopped by multiple times throughout the project, and the entire staff were wonderful to work with. He checked up with us frequently to provide status updates and made a last courtesy call to see that everything was to our liking. Working with the team's leader, Flavie, was a particular pleasure. He paid close attention to what we required.; After a fire, our water meter was stolen from our yard in front of our rebuilt house, flooding our yard and street. I visited them to assess the situation and acquire a water trench repair, code compliance, and meter replacement cost. The plumber was punctual, excavated a new pit, replaced or repaired the pipes, and leveled the pit. Everyone was courteous and skilled. I had to call their office several times due to the unusual situation, but everyone was courteous. I recommend NY Plumbing! Very happy! Thank you!; They probably made sure I was okay. When I first moved in, I had to wait to flush the toilet because water kept flowing back up my shower. Now I can run all three sinks, both showers, and both toilets at the same time without hearing so much as a gurgling. First of all, the price was unbelievable!! I may have lucked out in that nothing else was required besides a lot of hard work and some know-how. My heroes at an affordable rate per hour. I looked around at some reviews initially, and found that some of the more well-known businesses in town charged several times as much. My home is an older one, thus there is a crawl space underneath it. Air conditioning companies I've hired in the past have either refused to do the work or have grumbled the whole time, acting as if I had built the property in 1933. These people showed up, didn't even bother to look at the problem, and within five minutes were under the house fixing it. Fantastic job!!! I can't speak highly enough of them.; The crew from New York Plumber was excellent! They replied quickly and went above and beyond to see that our problems were rectified, even though we are situated outside of their """"regular"""" operating region. Anyone who wants their stuff fixed by a qualified professional without having to worry about the job being done right the first time should give them a strong recommendation.","I called New York Plumbing to get a second opinion because the plumber was exceedingly nasty and his quote for five days of work sounded excessive. The expert arrived on the same day and resolved the problem in about two hours. The improved service was well worth the price, even if it was undoubtedly not inexpensive.; After a fire, our water meter was stolen from our yard in front of our rebuilt house, flooding our yard and street. I visited them to assess the situation and acquire a water trench repair, code compliance, and meter replacement cost. The plumber was punctual, excavated a new pit, replaced or repaired the pipes, and leveled the pit. Everyone was courteous and skilled. I had to call their office several times due to the unusual situation, but everyone was courteous. I recommend NY Plumbing! Very happy! Thank you!; Before listing our house for sale, we knew we'd have to upgrade the septic system and drain field. I loved New York Plumbing so much. They were reasonably priced, arrived on time, and even came in under their original estimate! The owner provided us with his personal mobile number but we never needed to contact him. Joelle, who performed the first inspection and stopped by multiple times throughout the project, and the entire staff were wonderful to work with. He checked up with us frequently to provide status updates and made a last courtesy call to see that everything was to our liking. Working with the team's leader, Flavie, was a particular pleasure. He paid close attention to what we required.; They probably made sure I was okay. When I first moved in, I had to wait to flush the toilet because water kept flowing back up my shower. Now I can run all three sinks, both showers, and both toilets at the same time without hearing so much as a gurgling. First of all, the price was unbelievable!! I may have lucked out in that nothing else was required besides a lot of hard work and some know-how. My heroes at an affordable rate per hour. I looked around at some reviews initially, and found that some of the more well-known businesses in town charged several times as much. My home is an older one, thus there is a crawl space underneath it. Air conditioning companies I've hired in the past have either refused to do the work or have grumbled the whole time, acting as if I had built the property in 1933. These people showed up, didn't even bother to look at the problem, and within five minutes were under the house fixing it. Fantastic job!!! I can't speak highly enough of them.; The crew from New York Plumber was excellent! They replied quickly and went above and beyond to see that our problems were rectified, even though we are situated outside of their """"regular"""" operating region. Anyone who wants their stuff fixed by a qualified professional without having to worry about the job being done right the first time should give them a strong recommendation."
ChIJFQl9soPJD4gRLC75QEuIn7o,All NYC Drain Cleaning & Plumber Services,"430 Lafayette St, New York, NY 10003",4.4,36,,N/A,"The service lives up to the reputation of the name in every respect. Maintaining a high standard of client service With the highest level of expertise and empathy, Anthony dealt with my issue. The professionals that came out to fix my water heater were so careful and neat that I have no hesitation in recommending this company. It is really appreciated.; There was a challenging broken pipe at the wall where the faucet was. It was difficult to replace this pipe because it was more than 70 years old. When I called NYC Plumber Services, his helper promptly arrived. Jeffrey assessed the situation, described in detail what needed to be done, and provided a cost estimate. It only took a few hours when I had expected it to take the entire day. The final outcome was a superb piece of artwork. The home's siding and the original spigot and pipes remained untouched. They are experts in their area of expertise. I'll always call them if I need plumbing work done.; Super unprofessional. Rude dispatch who laughed at my emergency. This company will not help you out if you need them. Typical response was “within the hour” for 3 hours. Dispatcher told me the plumber was in front of my location when he wasn’t even close. Don’t waste your time.; The plumber was extremely knowledgeable, courteous, and patient. He arrived at my residence, provided an estimate, and waited while my spouse explained and reviewed our repair options over the phone. He took the time to elucidate in detail what needed to be done, and he was proficient in completing the task in a timely manner. They provided Good Customer Service while interacting with the Customer, which is appreciated. Thank you NYC Plumbing for servicing my property.; I researched this company online after discovering a clogged faucet in my new residence. They were able to respond to my contact the same day (a plus). The initial technician, Tyler, appeared to have resolved the issue I was experiencing at the time (or so I thought), but I later discovered that the issue had been transferred to another location, where I subsequently encountered problems. They sent technician Anthony after a callback, and he was FANTASTIC. My fiancé could not cease raving about Anthony's friendliness and efficiency. He stated that Anthony was identical to the person depicted in NYC Plumbing  commercials. He resolved the issue and explained what may have gone awry the first time. We are entirely satisfied with Anthony's ability to resolve the issue and his positive and courteous demeanor. When I spend money with a company, I search for employees who are satisfied with their position. CUSTOMER SUPPORT!","Super unprofessional. Rude dispatch who laughed at my emergency. This company will not help you out if you need them. Typical response was “within the hour” for 3 hours. Dispatcher told me the plumber was in front of my location when he wasn’t even close. Don’t waste your time.; The service lives up to the reputation of the name in every respect. Maintaining a high standard of client service With the highest level of expertise and empathy, Anthony dealt with my issue. The professionals that came out to fix my water heater were so careful and neat that I have no hesitation in recommending this company. It is really appreciated.; I researched this company online after discovering a clogged faucet in my new residence. They were able to respond to my contact the same day (a plus). The initial technician, Tyler, appeared to have resolved the issue I was experiencing at the time (or so I thought), but I later discovered that the issue had been transferred to another location, where I subsequently encountered problems. They sent technician Anthony after a callback, and he was FANTASTIC. My fiancé could not cease raving about Anthony's friendliness and efficiency. He stated that Anthony was identical to the person depicted in NYC Plumbing  commercials. He resolved the issue and explained what may have gone awry the first time. We are entirely satisfied with Anthony's ability to resolve the issue and his positive and courteous demeanor. When I spend money with a company, I search for employees who are satisfied with their position. CUSTOMER SUPPORT!; The plumber was extremely knowledgeable, courteous, and patient. He arrived at my residence, provided an estimate, and waited while my spouse explained and reviewed our repair options over the phone. He took the time to elucidate in detail what needed to be done, and he was proficient in completing the task in a timely manner. They provided Good Customer Service while interacting with the Customer, which is appreciated. Thank you NYC Plumbing for servicing my property.; There was a challenging broken pipe at the wall where the faucet was. It was difficult to replace this pipe because it was more than 70 years old. When I called NYC Plumber Services, his helper promptly arrived. Jeffrey assessed the situation, described in detail what needed to be done, and provided a cost estimate. It only took a few hours when I had expected it to take the entire day. The final outcome was a superb piece of artwork. The home's siding and the original spigot and pipes remained untouched. They are experts in their area of expertise. I'll always call them if I need plumbing work done."
ChIJz3Aly7dZwokRv8cy7NWTwkA,WaterHouse Plumbing Company,"171 Attorney St, New York, NY 10002",4.8,21,,N/A,"Harry did excellent work for us on Mott Street—fixed a leaky washing machine, a kitchen sink drain and replaced a toilet—for a reasonable price. He came quickly and stood behind his work. Highly recommend in this city of schemers!! Will and Sarah; We have used WaterHouse Plumbing Company several times and have always been extremely happy with the level of service and communication with both the dispatch team and technician. Joe was very professional and kept me up to date as to the progress he was making. He needed to come back the following day to water jet the sewer line and it worked great. We highly recommend this company to others, for all of their plumbing needs.; I just took the best shower at home in years because I finally have some water pressure! I highly recommend WaterHouse. When something needed to be adjusted they came back immediately and took care of it. Much appreciated!; I have used WaterHouse twice now. They are very responsive, track the case number easily and arrive on time. They work until the actual problem is fixed.  And they listen/communicate very well on the issue/repair.  They also helped my last min in a jam. I fully recommend any NYC'er to use this plumbing company.; I've used them twice now and had great experiences both times. They were able to provide service quickly and had fair pricing. Definitely recommend!","Harry did excellent work for us on Mott Street—fixed a leaky washing machine, a kitchen sink drain and replaced a toilet—for a reasonable price. He came quickly and stood behind his work. Highly recommend in this city of schemers!! Will and Sarah; I've used them twice now and had great experiences both times. They were able to provide service quickly and had fair pricing. Definitely recommend!; I just took the best shower at home in years because I finally have some water pressure! I highly recommend WaterHouse. When something needed to be adjusted they came back immediately and took care of it. Much appreciated!; We have used WaterHouse Plumbing Company several times and have always been extremely happy with the level of service and communication with both the dispatch team and technician. Joe was very professional and kept me up to date as to the progress he was making. He needed to come back the following day to water jet the sewer line and it worked great. We highly recommend this company to others, for all of their plumbing needs.; I have used WaterHouse twice now. They are very responsive, track the case number easily and arrive on time. They work until the actual problem is fixed.  And they listen/communicate very well on the issue/repair.  They also helped my last min in a jam. I fully recommend any NYC'er to use this plumbing company."
ChIJrXASVyhawokRRn34fg0nuEg,NYC Plumbing Solutions 24/7,"20509 Pearl St, New York, NY 10038",4.7,13,,N/A,"Had a splendid experience with Miguel & Sons Plumbing. On our first day in our new home in New York, they promptly showed up on the same day - a Friday. Thanks to Todd and Louis, we had access to filtered water, a functional washer and dryer, and a fully operational dishwasher before the weekend. Their charges were fair and the service was top-notch. We'll definitely be using their services again.; Miguel & Sons Plumbing were fantastic. We encountered a simple clogged toilet issue and called them to arrange an appointment. The team was able to respond in under an hour, with our appointed plumber, Evan, being both proficient and knowledgeable. He swiftly resolved our issue and ensured everything was operating smoothly before his departure. The service was reasonably priced and affordable. Under new management, their service has improved remarkably. We will certainly be contacting them again for any future plumbing needs in our New York home.; Fantastic experience! Miguel & Sons Plumbing's promptness and quality of work were absolutely first-rate. Scheduling a yearly routine for plumbing services was a breeze. Evan was phenomenal, he was respectful and provided detailed explanations as he conducted all inspections and repaired the sink disposal that was jammed and not draining in our New York property.; Within three days of moving into our new house, we had an issue with sewage back-up. We reached out to several companies, but the response from Miguel & Sons Plumbing was incredibly professional and prompt in meeting our needs. Their level of professionalism was remarkable and their work was top-notch! evan, we can't express enough how grateful we are...; The faucets in my utility room had started leaking and needed to be replaced. Louis from a top-notch plumbing and water heater service did an outstanding job with the utmost professionalism. He also resolved the hot and cold water issue with my kitchen sink, which had been wrongly set up by a different company. The prior service provider even had the audacity to ask for an additional fee to correct their own error! Luckily, the skilled team of plumbers stepped in and offered me exceptional service! It's evident that their new management is committed to providing excellent customer service. This happened in New York and I would highly recommend their services.","The faucets in my utility room had started leaking and needed to be replaced. Louis from a top-notch plumbing and water heater service did an outstanding job with the utmost professionalism. He also resolved the hot and cold water issue with my kitchen sink, which had been wrongly set up by a different company. The prior service provider even had the audacity to ask for an additional fee to correct their own error! Luckily, the skilled team of plumbers stepped in and offered me exceptional service! It's evident that their new management is committed to providing excellent customer service. This happened in New York and I would highly recommend their services.; Had a splendid experience with Miguel & Sons Plumbing. On our first day in our new home in New York, they promptly showed up on the same day - a Friday. Thanks to Todd and Louis, we had access to filtered water, a functional washer and dryer, and a fully operational dishwasher before the weekend. Their charges were fair and the service was top-notch. We'll definitely be using their services again.; Within three days of moving into our new house, we had an issue with sewage back-up. We reached out to several companies, but the response from Miguel & Sons Plumbing was incredibly professional and prompt in meeting our needs. Their level of professionalism was remarkable and their work was top-notch! evan, we can't express enough how grateful we are...; Miguel & Sons Plumbing were fantastic. We encountered a simple clogged toilet issue and called them to arrange an appointment. The team was able to respond in under an hour, with our appointed plumber, Evan, being both proficient and knowledgeable. He swiftly resolved our issue and ensured everything was operating smoothly before his departure. The service was reasonably priced and affordable. Under new management, their service has improved remarkably. We will certainly be contacting them again for any future plumbing needs in our New York home.; Fantastic experience! Miguel & Sons Plumbing's promptness and quality of work were absolutely first-rate. Scheduling a yearly routine for plumbing services was a breeze. Evan was phenomenal, he was respectful and provided detailed explanations as he conducted all inspections and repaired the sink disposal that was jammed and not draining in our New York property."
ChIJS24Ff5xZwokRjtheTRCdaUs,St Marks Plumbing & Heating,"24 St Marks Pl, New York, NY 10003",5,1,,N/A,,
ChIJ666YjLtZwokRAbSwWM_6E98,24/7 Quick Fix Plumbers NYC,"71 W 12th St, New York, NY 10011",4.5,22,,N/A,"Brian from Asher & Sons Plumbing & Gas was simply outstanding. He was courteous, made explanations easy to comprehend, and ensured everything was tidy and functional before concluding the task. His remarkable professionalism is worth mentioning and it will undoubtedly make me utilize their services again. Even though he was outdoors in the New York snow for a couple of hours in freezing 12-degree weather, Brian never ceased to flash a warm smile. His dedication and positive attitude are truly commendable.; Brian was swift, courteous, and took the time to explain everything to me. I'm delighted with the service and will certainly recommend anyone in New York who might need a plumber to call your team. I didn't catch his last name and the picture was too small to make out, but I believe it was Brian. Thanks a lot for his service. It's clear that under the new management, your company is providing excellent service now.; Melvin and Brian from Asher & Sons Plumbing & Gas were both proficient and professional. They arrived in New York just 30 minutes following my call and swiftly identified the issue. The repair was carried out without delay. I am pleased with their service and would strongly endorse them! It's worth noting that the company is now under new management, and the level of service they are providing is excellent.; i'm glad i got in touch with melvin. it was really fortunate to have found his ad. he picked up my call after a few rings, even though his workplace was nearly shutting for the day, he was ready to come out and fix our blocked pipe. he had spare pipes with him which was convenient and didn't break the bank. he arrived on time as promised in new york. i am completely happy and would suggest his plumbing services. he has a good attitude, honest and skilled. definitely reliable.; melvin and brian were absolutely outstanding! these gentlemen were very knowledgeable and skilled. they accurately identified the precise location of the collapsed pipe in the floor. they then broke up the floor and repaired it to a standard even better than the original. they also did a commendable job with the concrete restoration. i'm completely satisfied with their work. i would recommend this plumbing service to anyone. the company is under new management now and the level of service is truly impressive. this new york-based team is definitely setting high standards in the plumbing industry.","melvin and brian were absolutely outstanding! these gentlemen were very knowledgeable and skilled. they accurately identified the precise location of the collapsed pipe in the floor. they then broke up the floor and repaired it to a standard even better than the original. they also did a commendable job with the concrete restoration. i'm completely satisfied with their work. i would recommend this plumbing service to anyone. the company is under new management now and the level of service is truly impressive. this new york-based team is definitely setting high standards in the plumbing industry.; i'm glad i got in touch with melvin. it was really fortunate to have found his ad. he picked up my call after a few rings, even though his workplace was nearly shutting for the day, he was ready to come out and fix our blocked pipe. he had spare pipes with him which was convenient and didn't break the bank. he arrived on time as promised in new york. i am completely happy and would suggest his plumbing services. he has a good attitude, honest and skilled. definitely reliable.; Melvin and Brian from Asher & Sons Plumbing & Gas were both proficient and professional. They arrived in New York just 30 minutes following my call and swiftly identified the issue. The repair was carried out without delay. I am pleased with their service and would strongly endorse them! It's worth noting that the company is now under new management, and the level of service they are providing is excellent.; Brian from Asher & Sons Plumbing & Gas was simply outstanding. He was courteous, made explanations easy to comprehend, and ensured everything was tidy and functional before concluding the task. His remarkable professionalism is worth mentioning and it will undoubtedly make me utilize their services again. Even though he was outdoors in the New York snow for a couple of hours in freezing 12-degree weather, Brian never ceased to flash a warm smile. His dedication and positive attitude are truly commendable.; Brian was swift, courteous, and took the time to explain everything to me. I'm delighted with the service and will certainly recommend anyone in New York who might need a plumber to call your team. I didn't catch his last name and the picture was too small to make out, but I believe it was Brian. Thanks a lot for his service. It's clear that under the new management, your company is providing excellent service now."
ChIJSTnnQAquw4kR7CeUIx0RAOQ,Sabra Drain & Sewer,"307 S Michigan Ave, Kenilworth, NJ 07033",4.9,70,,N/A,"I highly recommend Sabra Sewer for all your plumbing needs. I have been using them for over 8 years and have only the best to say about them. They are responsive, reliable and professional and always get to the root of the problem. Junior is a pleasure to work with.; I have used Sabra on several occasions for things ranging from sewer back up to getting a camera to snake through hundreds of feet of outdoor piping looking for a clog. Every time I use them, I am reminded why. They are always professional, accommodating, and friendly. Junior, who runs the business, is spectacular, and he seems to hire only the best quality people. I cannot recommend this business highly enough.; Amazing customer service! Amazing team! Amazing company that gets the job done! They work with you when it comes to pricing and they are very descriptive when solving any plumbing issues!  Management company service  to personal service , they are always on standby! Junior is the best!!! Sabra Drain &Sewer are the go to guys!; I am so grateful for Sabra Drain’s prompt expert service! My wife noticed the soapy volcano coming into our crawlspace, seen in the attached video, and I was shocked and miffed by washing machine suds spewing from the AC drain pipe! Martin came same day, diagnosed the problem in 5 minutes, and did a meticulous repair. We had grease and food particles from our kitchen and laundry room drain pipes lodged in the main drain causing backup. Our daughter is coming home from camp with 1000 pounds of laundry, and we are beyond pleased and grateful for the world class, clean, prompt and courteous, service from beginning to end. I recommend highly, without reservation. Thank you! Dr Joseph; So Sabra was our second opinion when one plumber didn’t necessarily help, nor give the correct explanation to our problem. I am so very happy that this group of gentleman were able to properly diagnose the issue. They were very clean, friendly, joked with us while they worked, and went above and beyond to explain the findings of their diagnosis. They also recommended a couple of solutions. They even sprayed a lovely Apple air freshener after cleanup. Thank y'all again so much for everything!

Update: Issue still ongoing (NOT because of Sabra), we’re having to deal with a property manager & a first opinion amateur “plumber.” Sabra has continued to go above & beyond to permanently fix our problems and stand by the right way to fix them, instead of suggesting the easy way, as the other did. I HIGHLY recommend this company. They are very patient, knowledgeable, thorough, and absolutely want to take care of their customers to the best of their ability (which they have more than succeeded already.) Thank you fellers for everything you have and will continue to do for us!","I highly recommend Sabra Sewer for all your plumbing needs. I have been using them for over 8 years and have only the best to say about them. They are responsive, reliable and professional and always get to the root of the problem. Junior is a pleasure to work with.; I have used Sabra on several occasions for things ranging from sewer back up to getting a camera to snake through hundreds of feet of outdoor piping looking for a clog. Every time I use them, I am reminded why. They are always professional, accommodating, and friendly. Junior, who runs the business, is spectacular, and he seems to hire only the best quality people. I cannot recommend this business highly enough.; Amazing customer service! Amazing team! Amazing company that gets the job done! They work with you when it comes to pricing and they are very descriptive when solving any plumbing issues!  Management company service  to personal service , they are always on standby! Junior is the best!!! Sabra Drain &Sewer are the go to guys!; So Sabra was our second opinion when one plumber didn’t necessarily help, nor give the correct explanation to our problem. I am so very happy that this group of gentleman were able to properly diagnose the issue. They were very clean, friendly, joked with us while they worked, and went above and beyond to explain the findings of their diagnosis. They also recommended a couple of solutions. They even sprayed a lovely Apple air freshener after cleanup. Thank y'all again so much for everything!

Update: Issue still ongoing (NOT because of Sabra), we’re having to deal with a property manager & a first opinion amateur “plumber.” Sabra has continued to go above & beyond to permanently fix our problems and stand by the right way to fix them, instead of suggesting the easy way, as the other did. I HIGHLY recommend this company. They are very patient, knowledgeable, thorough, and absolutely want to take care of their customers to the best of their ability (which they have more than succeeded already.) Thank you fellers for everything you have and will continue to do for us!; I am so grateful for Sabra Drain’s prompt expert service! My wife noticed the soapy volcano coming into our crawlspace, seen in the attached video, and I was shocked and miffed by washing machine suds spewing from the AC drain pipe! Martin came same day, diagnosed the problem in 5 minutes, and did a meticulous repair. We had grease and food particles from our kitchen and laundry room drain pipes lodged in the main drain causing backup. Our daughter is coming home from camp with 1000 pounds of laundry, and we are beyond pleased and grateful for the world class, clean, prompt and courteous, service from beginning to end. I recommend highly, without reservation. Thank you! Dr Joseph"
ChIJQzcX4j8DwYkR80YE8qDyamk,Munson NYC Sewer & Drain Cleaning Solution,"636 Broadway # 508, New York, NY 10012",5,48,,N/A,"Jerrell put me at ease and got me scheduled quickly when I called NYC Plumbing. When I had two slab leaks in my house, I called Jemason, and he came out right away. Instead of just smashing holes in the walls, he carefully planned out how to reroute the pipes. The proprietor, Jerrell, coordinated with my insurer and even visited my home to meet with the insurance adjuster. Choosing them is a safe bet. This is the only plumbing service I will ever hire because of the honesty and reliability of its employees. I wish there was a way to rate it higher than 5 stars.; An old cast-iron pipe connection behind the sink started leaking. Both jameson and Jerrell were prompt and efficient in making the switch to PVC. The new fitting masked a clog in the line, which had been there before. Within a few hours of my second contact, Jerrell  and Jameson had returned to clear the connection and perform some additional diagnostics at no extra cost..; NYC Plumbing is an excellent service, and I strongly suggest using it. My appointment was scheduled for the next day, they called to let me know they were on their way, and they arrived promptly. Jerrell was helpful and friendly..; This business replies promptly and expertly. When Jerrell and Jameson fixed my leaky kitchen sink, they were upfront about the cost and completed the work promptly. They also informed me of another problem that requires attention. The cost was roughly what was anticipated.; While doing a pre-winter inspection of my home's exterior, I discovered a dripping outdoor faucet. I called NYC Plumbing and they sent a plumber out to replace it for me within a few hours. I appreciated the quick response and helpful assistance.","Jerrell put me at ease and got me scheduled quickly when I called NYC Plumbing. When I had two slab leaks in my house, I called Jemason, and he came out right away. Instead of just smashing holes in the walls, he carefully planned out how to reroute the pipes. The proprietor, Jerrell, coordinated with my insurer and even visited my home to meet with the insurance adjuster. Choosing them is a safe bet. This is the only plumbing service I will ever hire because of the honesty and reliability of its employees. I wish there was a way to rate it higher than 5 stars.; An old cast-iron pipe connection behind the sink started leaking. Both jameson and Jerrell were prompt and efficient in making the switch to PVC. The new fitting masked a clog in the line, which had been there before. Within a few hours of my second contact, Jerrell  and Jameson had returned to clear the connection and perform some additional diagnostics at no extra cost..; NYC Plumbing is an excellent service, and I strongly suggest using it. My appointment was scheduled for the next day, they called to let me know they were on their way, and they arrived promptly. Jerrell was helpful and friendly..; While doing a pre-winter inspection of my home's exterior, I discovered a dripping outdoor faucet. I called NYC Plumbing and they sent a plumber out to replace it for me within a few hours. I appreciated the quick response and helpful assistance.; This business replies promptly and expertly. When Jerrell and Jameson fixed my leaky kitchen sink, they were upfront about the cost and completed the work promptly. They also informed me of another problem that requires attention. The cost was roughly what was anticipated."
ChIJq85oCTRZwokRFFR5dyPi600,NYC Plumbing Solutions 24/7,"45-55 W 10th St, New York, NY 10011",4.9,18,,N/A,"I ran into a problem with the toilet and shower in our primary bathroom. So, I reached out to Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC early in the day, and by lunchtime, one of their plumbers, Thomas, had already arrived at my New York building. Thomas was polite, finished his work efficiently, and took great care to keep all the areas he worked on spotlessly clean. What impressed me the most was their affordable pricing. Under their new management, Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC are providing an excellent service now. I will DEFINITELY reach out to them again if I ever encounter another plumbing issue.; Quality work done by quality people! Having our leaking faucet fixed by Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC was an entirely smooth process. Their team, including Julian, are considerate and highly professional. They kept us informed throughout the process, like sending a text when Julian was on his way. Julian was FANTASTIC! He completed the job efficiently and took the time to explain the situation to me. He was extremely patient and kind with our pup, who is still learning his manners. Julian was friendly and a pleasure to converse with. I'll be referring as many people as possible to Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC and Julian. The company is under new management now, and they're providing excellent service. Their operation in New York is top-notch!; The technician, Thomas, arrived promptly and displayed a high level of professionalism. He came prepared with a water heater, thus eliminating the need for any return visits. Thomas successfully completed the project, and made sure to clean up any debris afterwards. Overall, my experience with Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC was positive. I am confident that I will continue to use their services for any further plumbing needs and I will definitely recommend them to my friends and family in New York. Thanks once again.; My plumber, Thomas, provided an outstanding service while resolving my plumbing issue. He was not only proficient at his job, but he was also genuinely pleasant to interact with. We had an enjoyable chat about our common experiences living in New York. Thomas was courteous, adhered to safety protocols by wearing a mask, and cleaned up the area after he finished the work. I'll definitely reach out to them again and specifically request for Thomas, although it appears that my plumbing issues have been effectively resolved for the foreseeable future. : ); Brantley came to our place in New York to provide an estimate for installing a sump pump in our basement. He was both professional and respectful. His customer-oriented approach was truly commendable, and it's something we would appreciate experiencing again. It's rare to find such superb workmanship these days, and it's refreshing to deal with a plumbing company that genuinely prioritizes the customer's needs. Moreover, under the new management, the service has significantly improved and is now excellent.","Brantley came to our place in New York to provide an estimate for installing a sump pump in our basement. He was both professional and respectful. His customer-oriented approach was truly commendable, and it's something we would appreciate experiencing again. It's rare to find such superb workmanship these days, and it's refreshing to deal with a plumbing company that genuinely prioritizes the customer's needs. Moreover, under the new management, the service has significantly improved and is now excellent.; My plumber, Thomas, provided an outstanding service while resolving my plumbing issue. He was not only proficient at his job, but he was also genuinely pleasant to interact with. We had an enjoyable chat about our common experiences living in New York. Thomas was courteous, adhered to safety protocols by wearing a mask, and cleaned up the area after he finished the work. I'll definitely reach out to them again and specifically request for Thomas, although it appears that my plumbing issues have been effectively resolved for the foreseeable future. : ); The technician, Thomas, arrived promptly and displayed a high level of professionalism. He came prepared with a water heater, thus eliminating the need for any return visits. Thomas successfully completed the project, and made sure to clean up any debris afterwards. Overall, my experience with Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC was positive. I am confident that I will continue to use their services for any further plumbing needs and I will definitely recommend them to my friends and family in New York. Thanks once again.; I ran into a problem with the toilet and shower in our primary bathroom. So, I reached out to Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC early in the day, and by lunchtime, one of their plumbers, Thomas, had already arrived at my New York building. Thomas was polite, finished his work efficiently, and took great care to keep all the areas he worked on spotlessly clean. What impressed me the most was their affordable pricing. Under their new management, Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC are providing an excellent service now. I will DEFINITELY reach out to them again if I ever encounter another plumbing issue.; Quality work done by quality people! Having our leaking faucet fixed by Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC was an entirely smooth process. Their team, including Julian, are considerate and highly professional. They kept us informed throughout the process, like sending a text when Julian was on his way. Julian was FANTASTIC! He completed the job efficiently and took the time to explain the situation to me. He was extremely patient and kind with our pup, who is still learning his manners. Julian was friendly and a pleasure to converse with. I'll be referring as many people as possible to Andre & Sons Plumbing LLC and Julian. The company is under new management now, and they're providing excellent service. Their operation in New York is top-notch!"
