place_id,name,formatted_address,rating,user_ratings_total,opening_hours,website,reviews
ChIJZYFygYdV24AR90rveBSatHI,Pride Plumbing Services,"633 Amigos Dr, Redlands, CA 92373, United States",4.9,766,,N/A,"Technician Ed was thorough and pleasant to work with. At one point he needed a special part to complete the job and he didn’t rest until he found a supply store who would have it. He also helped me select the right faucet to replace our old one. Great to work with.; Pride Plumbing Services - Adam, was very professional and took his time to make sure everything was in order before starting the repairs and provided post repair instructions and valve maintenance tips. As of now I'm pleased with the repairs; 1 year parts and labor warranty is always good. Thank you!; Left us a loose faucet and handles that are cockeyed, that's after having them come back 3 times for the fixture crushing our countertop because it doesn't fit. Also left us with a sprayer that catches and yanks on our angle stops.

I tried to bring these things up to them and the guy (Matt) just argues with me and tries to tell me there's nothing wrong and it's user error.

They keep sending this guy over and I can't even get him to check under a sink for me, he literally stands around, tells his apprentices what to do, and brags about how good he is at Basketball.

The opposite of Pride. Each time they tighten our bathroom faucet to make it stop moving it crushes the tile more and more.; I called this company for a quote, I was having issues with water dripping down the side of my tub and onto the floor. A rep came out and said he knew nothing about flooring, but the flooring was soft and falling apart and it was just a matter of time until my tub fell through the floor. Said I needed to rip out the tub, and put new subfloor than a new tub. Than left for a while and said they talked to the flooring company and they said they couldn't tell me a price for the subfloor until they ripped out the tub and saw what they were working with. Quoted me $5,060 to rip out the tub and put a new one, $1,275 for new faucets and $1,000 (starting) for the floor...which would go up after they took out the tub.  A rep from the flooring company never even came out to look at the flooring. I called 3 other companies to get an estimate, all 3 companies said none of that was necessary and my floor was in no way,shape,or form soft and my tub would NOT be falling through the floor.  Pride plumbing was trying to charge me $6,060 (starting) for a job that was no more than $100. They call themselves Pride Plumbing but have absolutely no integrity, they are trying to take advantage of a situation just to make a profit. I also asked about payment options since I don't have that kind of money available and was told I could apply for a line of credit with a third party and if approved would have to also pay 10% interest on top of the monthly amount. I just suggest you don't go here at all .; Lorenzo was great at explaining everything to us and did a fantastic job cleaning up when he was finished both days. High quality work from a high quality company. Pride Plumbing Services is definitely our go to plumbers from now on!"
ChIJIf2EjOqf3IARCEWRlMX7i-w,American Plumbing Service,"26100 Newport Rd A12-143, Menifee, CA 92584, United States",4.9,743,,N/A,"My 17 year old water heater sprung a leak. William arrived within an hour of my call. Honest, fair and upfront pricing. No sales gimmicks or upsell. He was very professional and honest.  Tim arrived on time as scheduled and replaced unit. Top notch, high quality, expert work. He was very thorough and efficient. Very happy with the service from you guys!  Highly recommend 5+ stars all day!!; I called for a quote on Saturday and had someone out to do the job that Monday!  William H. came to service our sink that was not draining.  He was professional, knowledgeable, he worked quickly and explained the problem and solution after the job was complete. Overall amazing service!; William Llamas came out and did a fast and amazing job. American Plumbing Serice will be my first call when needing any Plumbing repairs.
Thank you American Plumbing Service; My drain was clogged this morning, and after trying all I could including using a hand snake, I gave up and called Amercan plumbing. The girl on the phone was great and scheduled me for an early evening appointment. The young man William came early and had it fixed in about 20 min. He was polite and explained to me what he was going to do and the cost. 99.00 cleared my drain this time, and I'm already doing the dishes. Thanks guys! I appreciate your help so quickly.; American plumbing technician William was amazing, fast, and thorough gave us videos of our scope inspection and was straight forward. If we ever need plumbing services he will be the first one we call."
ChIJsVtpB0Cl3IARyFvJFyt9EAY,JD PLUMBING SERVICES,"20395 Woodward St, Perris, CA 92570, United States",4.7,59,,N/A,"We had a water leak on our side of the meter and water had to be shut off to the house. From the time we called Jason was at our house in less than 2 hours and had the problem fixed in an hour. 2 hours after that (time to let things cement) we were up and running and no leaks! I would highly recommend Jason and plan to save his info for the future!; Jason was very professional. Showed up at my house within the hour of me calling Jason for the service. I had an old pipe that started leaking so we decided on a whole new pipe system. He replaced all my old galvanized pipes and replaced them with copper. Jason charged me a very reasonable price. I have to say I'm very pleased with all the work he did and it's all still working great. I would use and recommend him for any other plumbing jobs. It was nice doing business with you Jason.; Our water heater started leaking on New Year's Day at night. I called Jason the next day and he was there with a new water heater and installed it the same day. He kept me informed about when he would be here due to a previous job that was running over. He got to work right away and was very friendly,  professional,  and informative. My son, who is in high school, is interested in Plumbing Engineering  spent the whole time with Jason. Jason talked him thru the process of shutting the main water line, taking out the old water heater, and installing the new one, and about how to weld copper pipe correctly. My son learned so much from Jason. We are definitely recommending Jason to friends and family members, and will be calling on him for future jobs. Great price, friendly,  and just a good person in general to do business with. It was our 1st time doing business with Jason and we have to say, our experience with him was all positive. Keep up the hard-work Jason!; Jason was great! I called regarding my kitchen sink and he came over, switched it out and gave me a fair price. Jason was polite, professional and quick! It was the first time using his company but it will not be my last! Thank you Jason for your wonderful service!; I was lucky enough to run into Jason at the Home Depot. He was a blessing to my plumbing problems. He met me at my house within an hour. I had 2 bathtub drains that needed to be replaced. He was right on it and fits them perfectly. Also, I have 2 sinks that needed repair. My sink in the kitchen faucet needed to be tighten, always would come loose. Now I know for sure it will not move. I did check around for pricing on Plummer ‘s so I knew what I was looking at as far as a payment. He beat everybody else that I had talk to. He was very professional with his work. I highly recommend him if you want a really good Plummer. I was extremely happy with him and his work ethics! Jason, is a really nice guy!"
ChIJyYzHIXVr6oARU0GEGfkJFIQ,HPS Plumbing Services,"3100 E Belle Terrace, Bakersfield, CA 93307, United States",4.7,158,,N/A,"Johel was our HPS plumber, he was excellent! He diagnosed the problem with leak behind our refrigerator and ordered the part that was needed. Came back promptly the next day when the part was here and fixed the leak quickly within an 1 1/2hrs. He was very kind and professional!
Thanks Johel!
Joey and Amanda Cabrera; Loved the job!! HPS installed a new gas line for my pool heater. Edgar and Frankie were very knowledge and professional. Edgar took the time to explain the process. I will use them again for my plumbing needs; My water heater died on a holiday weekend. Call their dispatch. They were clear with the price for coming out. When Eddie the service provider showed up, he was kind courteous and honest with me about the cost of replacing on a holiday. Eddie came back the very next day and took care of my water heater. Professional 100% of the time. An extra part was needed and it was bright to my house quickly!

Thanks HPS for saving me!!; I called concerned about my water heater. Eddie came out inspected what I have and explained the situation very thoroughly. He also gave me a quote if I want to replace an upgrade my current water heater. Since he was here for HPS, I showed him the backwash that was corroded. He will be replacing that for me next month. Great attitude and very friendly and explained everything so that me as a female can understand! I highly recommend using this company. When I called for the appointment on Friday they gave me a Monday appointment.; We woke up to water leaking from our door jams in our kitchen and dining room . I called and talked with Alicia Rodriguez who was very knowledgeable and helpful. She scheduled a crew to come out right away within twenty minutes . Manny and his helper ( I didn’t get the hellers name ) were amazing they found the problem and had it fixed in about forty five minutes. Very knowledgeable, very professional, and very pleasant. We’re waiting for a bid to redo our pipes as they are 40-year-old galvanized pipes. And we look forward to work with working with them again I highly recommend HPS."
ChIJ7RNoc_iB24ARKnE-7n1Di0E,"Big B's Plumbing, Electric, Heating & Air","41610 Date St STE 101, Murrieta, CA 92562, United States",4.9,2598,,N/A,"Updated post with work completion: Called Big B’s plumbing because I have seen them around town quite a bit and I couldn’t be more satisfied with my initial experience. Literally had someone come out the same day within the hour to discuss future work with me. Brandon messaged when he was on his way and showed up on time and ready to go. We discussed filtering, conditioning, and softener options as well as the removal of an old softener. Brandon was knowledgeable and thorough in his information and answered all questions. Quotes were provided on site and I look forward to proceeding with work. Prior to leaving, he even did a complimentary safety check noting a couple concerning issues that he recommended addressing. 5 Star customer service, no pressured sales tactics, friendly, professional, respectful, and honest.

Shaun came out to install everything and did a phenomenal job. He arrived on time, reviewed the work being done thoroughly, and ensure that I understood how everything worked before he departed. The new system looks clean, is out of the way, and water quality has noticeably increased. Everything was cleaned up and tested prior to departing. Thanks for your hard work and professionalism.; Brandon Tech  , was prompt on time .He was respectful of my carpet and wore shoe covers. He was very professional and honest about my options with my water heater. This is the second time I had Big B's come out for two different problems. Both time I was extremely happy with my service and the price was affordable. I highly recommend !!!; Brandon with Big B’s Plumbing did an excellent repair on my toilet. I started the replacement of rusted sheared of bolts, but  found a corroded flange. I was in a panic, the home inspector was coming the next morning. Brandon came the same day, replaced the flange and the water valve. Everything works and looks great. I also received a one year transferable warranty, so the new owner is protected.; Matthew was amazing. Could not believe we were able to get a plumber out on Saturday night. He worked late into the night to get to the bottom of our chronic problem which so many other plumbers could never fix. What a great company Big B's is. They genuinely care about helping people, do not price gouge and are thoroughly professional. Big B gets a Big A+ from me.; Matt responded to our call and promptly arrived at our Rancho Bernardo house last Wednesday to unplugged our kitchen drain pipe from outside our property. He explained the plumbing design, including kitchen drain, main and condensate pipes. He also used camera to confirm the pipes were clear and proposed a long term fix to clear the white deposit inside the pipe using high pressure water device that we will consider in the future. Not only Matt is very polite and friendly, he is also highly professional and skillful. Thanks, Matt. My wife/myself highly recommend him for the services from him and Big B's plumbing."
ChIJgzCkycBE6oARWH_QClrFGiM,Advanced Plumbing Service,"3748 Renfro Rd Ste. A, Bakersfield, CA 93314, United States",4.6,188,,N/A,"My water heater was not working for over a month.  I called around for service.  One place I called, T***n plumbing,  wanted to charge $225 just to show up and diagnose the problem.  I called Advanced plumbing and they said $65 to come see what was wrong.  I made a appointment for them to come around 3pm same day.  They called around noon and said they had someone available early.  Advanced plumbing showed up in 15 minutes.   The employee was polite and professional.  He fixed the issue in a few minutes and made it look easy.  I was about to pay him the $65 charge and he said something you almost never hear from a business nowadays...""no charge"".  God bless that man and Advanced plumbing.  I'll definitely use their service and recommend them in the future to all.  Support good people and businesses.; Excellent service!  They arrived as scheduled and their technician, Christopher is very knowledgeable and honest when diagnosing the issue with our water heater.  Excellent customer service.  Give Advanced Plumbing a call when experiencing issues with your water heater.; I had a repair man at my door within hours. He was helpful & efficient. He listened to me but had a greater knowledge & explained it to me. I appreciated him completing the work
quickly, as well. Now our water is back up and running hot!; Advanced plumbing service did a great job fixing a flooding toilet in the house. The technician was kind and the response time was within 24 hours. Everybody is very helpful and knowledgeable. I would recommend them for future plumbing Issues; I cannot express enough how please I am with the overall experience I received. I was able to have the issue addresses very quickly and the professionalism of the office staff was outstanding.

The technician that came out was (Chris) was incredible. He was knowledgeable, professional and on top of it. He explained the condition of the water heater and validated it was 20 years old. He provided me options and I ultimately went with replacing the water heater.

The water heater was replaced quickly and a much cleaner look compared to what we had.

Hands down I recommend them as a plumbing service. I have them down as my permanent service provider."
ChIJ1cC4cBSv3IARPO9v3FK4UR8,"Best Plumbing Services, Inc.","5055 Canyon Crest Dr UNIT 204, Riverside, CA 92507, United States",4.9,108,,N/A,"Definitely my family’s go to plumber! Been consistently impressed with the work Jason did at our home. We’ve had him come over multiple times over the years, and he always provides us quick, honest service.

Our contractor was having difficulty with the plumbing on our new shower remodel, so we called Best Plumbing. Jason saved the day again, and finished our shower remodel for 1/2 the cost.; Best plumbing is the best.  Was totally satisfied with the work they did.  On time, efficient, and very nice.  The whole crew was hard working and got the job done when they said they would.  Even ran into a little more and got that done as well.  I would recommend them 100% and would definitely call them again.  We'll done Best Plumbing!; We have used Best Plumbing for our home repairs as well as a remodel.  All the team members we have worked with have been transparent with their findings, honest and up front.  They have stood by their work when we needed them to come back out for other issues and never tried to upsell or push us to do what wasn’t needed.

They always come out quickly and even handle the emergency weekend needs.

Thanks Best Plumbing!; I recently experienced a major leak in my main water line. I contacted Best Plumbing on a Friday afternoon and was able to schedule an appointment with Jason for the following Monday. Jason arrived on time and professionally explained two repair options. He recommended replacing the entire line between the meter and the house, including installing a new valve and pressure regulator, as the best long-term solution.

The work began at 8 a.m. in the following morning and was completed before 4 p.m. Jason and his team did an excellent job, providing photos to show the problem area and explaining the root cause of the leak. I was very impressed with the quality of their work and the thoroughness of their approach.; I’ve been working with Best Plumbing for years and they always do a stellar job at all of our facilities with any issues that arise. Pricing is always fair when comparing with the prices of other plumbers. Very professional and prompt service. Would recommend! Ask for Bob as he is the best plumber and the most knowledgeable. Guy also makes killer jerky!"
ChIJifx3In-RwoARvIguID082K8,All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,"15003 Minnehaha St, Mission Hills, CA 91345, United States",5,36,,N/A,"All Valley Plumbing Sercives Inc. is the best plumbing service we have experienced!

I called several plumbing services and they all wanted to assess the problem before giving any prices and also wanted to charge a high consulting fee before hand.

All Valley Plumbing Service Inc. were the  ones to actually give me pricing right over the phone.

They were upfront and honest about pricing and services. And delivered excellent service just as they quoted over the phone.

Our plumber Moe was extremely friendly, helpful and even explained to us how to prevent plumbing issues in the future!!!

They are a family owned business and it shows through their excellent and professional customer service, which is hard to find these days.

Thank you again to Moe from All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,  you are our forever plumbing service company. 😄❤️; At midnight we had a plumbing emergency and Moe quickly responded to my house. He was empathetic, honest, and informative. In a service environment where it is difficult to know who to trust, the folks at All Valley Plumbing Service...earned my respect and my business. I don't give out this praise lightly.; Moe from AVPS was the best! My grandmother who lives in the area needed a plumber to come inspect a potential leak. Moe was very patient, communicative, and informative from start to finish and we were all very pleased with the visit. Thank you!; I have used All Valley Plumbing Service several times since I bought my house 8 years ago.   They are always reliable, honest, professional and friendly - and get the job done at a reasonable price.

My father and late grandfather have been using them for decades.  This is a great multi-generational family owned business with excellent, very long term employees.  These are good, principled people that are masters in their profession.   Highly recommend!; Nothing other than OUTSTANDING service from All Valley Plumbing. I was in desperate need to fix something (I broke) and was a bit over my head.  Short story, I had no water because of it. Thankfully Moe showed up about an hour later and repaired the water line, restoring water to the house. He was polite, respectful and professional. You can’t ask for a better plumber. Thumbs up to Moe and he’ll be my first call when I need a plumber."
ChIJ62j0xCGd3IARNiosruTtrks,Wood Plumbing Services,"29624 Avenida De Real, Sun City, CA 92586, United States",5,105,,N/A,"I’ve hired Eric and his team three times for various projects, including gas leaks, drainage issues, and installing a new sink. Every time, they’ve been incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and reliable. What stands out the most is that they genuinely care about helping their clients — there's never any pressure or feeling like you’re being taken advantage of. I’m always happy to support businesses like theirs because they prioritize customer service and integrity.; Eric showed up on time, did a great job, quickly identified the problems and corrected them. He was very helpful in providing guidance and suggestions so they would not reoccur. Pricing was very good for the amount of time it took to complete the job. Would highly recommend him as the go to plumber for all your problems.; Eric was great. He arrived on time. Friendly attitude. Got right to work .
And even swept the floor afterwards. He did not go over the price for the heater that I had asked for. It was a fair deal all around. Thank you eric; I called Eric about an issue with my hose bib and he was at my house within 30 mins. He was extremely nice and replaced the faucet very quickly. I would highly recommend him without hesitation; Eric was knowledgeable, patient, and persistent.  Determined to find and solve a difficult problem without resorting to the most expensive method before attempting more reasonable solutions first. Courteous, caring, and did not rush. Cleaned up the work area nicely once he was finished. Highly recommend."
ChIJSdxRk0S33IARaT1rG-LXKc0,Plumbing Matters Rooter & Plumbing Services Incorporated,"17285 Ridge Canyon Dr, Riverside, CA 92506, United States",5,273,,N/A,"Matt & Owner of Matthew did the excellent tasks for rerouting my kitchen sewer line that I expected. Every single work in details of procedure and try to guide me which way to fix it is best solution. I recommend them for any Plumbing service if your family need it! Matt is very specialty in plumbering tech skills & work fast to complete all the tasks with full energy,like superman. Thanks his efforts to complete this project on time! Thanks all Plumbering Matters team!; I highly recommend Matt for any plumbing needs. He was knowledgeable, efficient, and got the job done right. We had an issue that needed immediate attention over the weekend, and Matt was able to come out last minute, which we truly appreciated. He quickly diagnosed and fixed the problem right away. His pricing was fair and reasonable, especially given the urgency. Great service all around—thank you, Matt!; Thank you Matt for fixing our gas leak. I contacted you guys last minute and you guys booked me a consultation instantly. I appreciate it so much. I will absoluetly be recommending you to family and friends. I will also be contacting you if any further concerns come up in our household. The reliability and trust is found in you! Thank you once again for your hard work and honesty.; Great service! I'm so happy to find a plumber that I can trust to be honest and respond quickly to issues that arise! I bought my first home 7 years ago and thankfully i haven't had any crazy issues until now. I was so nervous I wouldn't find someone i could trust. The first time I called Matt it was for my water heater and he gave me honest advice and I was able to save money and get what I needed directly from the manufacturer. The second time I contacted him I had a leak in my shower pipe. Both times he responded to my requests immediately and was out to access within 24 hours! That's amazing in this day and age when it's so hard just to get a call back.
What I also love is how personable, patient, and honest he and his team are. I'm so weary of service providers in general and scammers... but Matt and his team are definitely trustworthy and I will be using him for all my future issues as well as refer him to others. Kevin came out to fix my shower issue and he was so nice and made sure to explain everything, give me his recommendations.
Best of all the pricing was so reasonable and up front! I'm so happy and thankful my plumbing issues were taken care of so quickly with honest people who I feel comfortable with.; I have been calling Plumbing Matters for any of my plumbing issues and anyone that has ever shown up always has amazing customer service. When issues do pop up,  I'm never stressed, because Mathew either heads over or sends one of his crew. I got Matthew Pain today and even though there was no leak where I thought there might be, he took his time to check every possibility of where a leak might be coming from. If someone's reading this and considering calling, don't hesitate because they'll take care of any of your plumbing issues.
Thanks guys! 🤙🏼"
ChIJ4XVtR0s33YAR8lkrAyX_-yQ,Plumbing Service Solutions - San Pedro Ca,"222 W 6th St #400, San Pedro, CA 90731, United States",5,161,,N/A,"Contacted this company to assess complicated plumbing and sump pump system. Incredibly knowledgeable about all the questions I asked. Encouraged me to reach out if I had any further questions at a later date.

Very patient and kind. Will definitely be calling them in the future. Rami could not have been more helpful. Highly recommend.; One of our faucets stopped working and our toilet has been filling slowly for a while now. Rami from Plumbing Service Solutions came and determined we just need to clean the aerator and said the toilet isn’t wasting water. He said he could change the pump if we wanted but there’s no need. We appreciated that he wasn’t trying to sell on us on things we didn’t really need. There was no charge for the house call. We bought the key that he recommended to extract the aerator and easily fixed it ourselves today. We will definitely be using Plumbing Service Solutions again for any plumbing needs.; Rami and his team have been coming to our rescue for the past several years.   My sister originally used him when their water heater went rogue.  She had such a great experience, we just had to give him a call.   Rami is professional, personable, efficient and reliable.    His work is good, he keeps up on new technology and makes recommendations without being pushy.     If you are having issues with your  plumbing and you want an honest estimate from my a skilled professional, you need to give him a call.; This company replaced all of the fresh and gray water lines and fixtures in my 1940s house.  They have encountered every possible problem and found ways to fix each one in the most cost effective and timely way possible.  It is wonderful to deal with folks that do a good job at a fair price.  Plus, they have a great sense of humor which is a real bonus when you take on a challenging house like this one.; As a real estate agent in the South Bay, Rami and his team at PSS has been my go-to referral for any plumbing services our clients need. Rami is not only professional, he's excellent at what he does, responsive, punctual, and very easy to get along with. Our team only refers vendors we TRUST and I always recommend him with confidence. No, I don't get anything out of it other than knowing my clients are well taken care of. If you need plumbing services, don't hesitate to call Rami."
ChIJwaYpUQOD3IAR3Srw6BvR7DQ,R & R Plumbing,"26398 Deere Ct #102, Murrieta, CA 92562, United States",5,2631,,N/A,"Thank you Javier for your excellent service and quality of work. This is the 4th time we have used R&R at our house and each time Javier has been amazing. Highly recommend them for any plumbing needs.; R & R responded quickly to our request for our water heater to be looked at after our previous plumber did not respond to our messages. R & R was able to have someone come out to have it looked at the same day. Mike, our technician, diagnosed and recommended a new water heater based on the issue we had with our current one and it did not cost us for Mike to diagnose it. Mike came out the next day (today) and installed our new water heater right away. We are so satisfied how streamlined the process was and happy with the price for the entire install. Mike was also very helpful and kind towards us as well as his son. We highly recommend R & R for their services.; Brandon showed up promptly and was extremely professional and courteous. He removed old toilet and installed new one and cleaned up before and after his work. Highly recommend Brandon and R&R!; Dustin, Whitney and the team have helped me with two full system replacements over the past 2 years here in Temecula. I can speak to their professionalism, quality and customer service and I’d recommend them to anyone in need of hvac help.; Very, very impressed and satisfied with the service that R & R Plumbing provided.  From the initial call, I was told what to expect from when the service technician would arrive, to assessing and receiving an estimate, to how communication and documents would be received (paperless), to how I could make the final payment.  The technician, John, received on time.  He assessed the issue (pressure regulator and ball shut off valve), providing me with a full description and a fair estimate.  John did an excellent job of completing the work and answering all my questions along the way.  He went above and beyond providing excellent customer service.  I would recommend their services to anyone who needs a reputable plumber.  Thank you John and R & R Plumbing for a job well done!"
ChIJJcYUaa3BwoARf4nEpG6qaJc,Professional Plumbing Services Inc.,"1409 Foothill Blvd Unit 202, La Cañada Flintridge, CA 91011, United States",5,43,,N/A,"We were in a real bind. We came back from vacation to a leak under the house. We’d had our water turned off for days because our regular plumber & others recommended by friends were all busy. I found Professional Plumbing Services on Google, and they had someone out the next day. Brian showed me the problem, explained what he would do, and gave me a reasonable price for the job. Within two hours, we had running water again! Definitely keeping Professional Plumbing Services in our contacts. Highly recommended!; I have used Professional plumbing services for years and they’re my emergency go to guys and they’re my regular plumbers too.
Edmond is a very professional and knowledgeable. Here’s a recent job, relocated supply lines new floor sink and added a channel drain. Over night so we didn’t have to close.; ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Professional Plumbing Services deserves five stars for their exceptional work in finding and fixing a leak in my house. They quickly identified the source of the leak with precision, showcasing their expertise. The team's prompt response and efficient repair work minimized any potential damage. Their professionalism was evident throughout the process, from the initial assessment to the final fix. The communication was clear, and the pricing was fair, providing transparency and peace of mind. I highly recommend Professional Plumbing Services for their reliable and top-notch plumbing solutions.; Great customer care! I needed to repair shower very urgently as it kept leaking. Grace went out of the way to make sure someone would come out. The problem was fixed the same day. Great service!; This is by far the best plumbing service locally here in La Canada, CA.  Thry were thorough, efficient, clean and quite clear on what needed to be done for my sink drain and other issues.  They went the extra mile in clearing out my clogged drain, fixed the leaks (several of them) and even corrected my poor attempt to install a new plunger and parts.  They did more then what they said needed to be done, but did not charge me any extra for that.  All in all, I will be recommending them to my friends and local co-workers.  I could not have asked for or even expected better service."
ChIJmaHI8crPwoARk2xZnXO-xGI,A-1 Total Service Plumbing,"640 S Atlantic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90022, United States",4.9,1034,,N/A,"Nate and his crew Daniel, Rubin and Kevin were amazing!  From Nancy who took my original call and Alvin the supervisor I was impressed with their professionalism.  They dealt with me and coordinated with my tenants to get the job done.  It was no small job either.  They had to dig several feet down and under the foundation to the main sewer line.  They left it like nothing had been touched.  I So appreciate all their hard work.  I’d use A-1 again in a heartbeat!; Jackie went right at the issue. Our “Badger 100 1/3” disposal unit fell off a hinge this morning. The manufacturer isn’t open until Monday. Jackie came over on a same-day call on a Sunday, much appreciated!

Customer service was excellent on the phone. I asked for a quote if I sent an image over, she said no per Company standards. Okay, no problem, just need estimate $ so I can compare time ✅ and cost 👎🏼

The negative part was this cost me out-of-pocket $150, versus another company who was going to charge $50 just to evaluate AND do the job at that price if I waited another hour. Cost-wise: not fully recommended; timeliness and customer service: highly recommended.

I expected somewhere around $70-$90, but DEFINITELY not $150.; Rudy’s performance was thumbs up. He had only one thing on his mind when he arrived at my place to solve the problem. He didn’t waste one second of my time he was polite, very friendly found the problem gave me some options that were looking out for my wallet, Mr. BAIRES, Got the job done along with another person from your A1 who was professional and helped out , great job and even gave me a year  A warranty guarantee for a whole year so if something goes wrong, I just give them a call and it’s done for free. Couldn’t ask for anything better.; I had a very leaky shower head and needed quick service to fix it. I found A-1 online and gave them a call. By 10:30 on the same morning Esteban arrived and fixed the problem. He was professional, knowledgeable, and competent. I scheduled him to come back out to service my hot water heater. So glad I called!!; The service we received from A-1 was awesome. Good communication from staff, technician came right on time with call prior to give us half hour's notice. Much appreciated!
Jackie was extremely pleasant. He checked out the issue thoroughly and solved our plumbing issue. Thank you for the great service"
ChIJO1ZilziD3IARqKbbofAmaOU,Guardian Plumbers,"27895 Diaz Rd Suite C, Temecula, CA 92590, United States",4.9,1575,,N/A,"Guardian Plumber will be my go to company for any project that involves plumbing. They act on your requests right away and send technicians that know what they are doing and complete a job professionally. One such technician is Matthew. He promptly sent me text messages as to what time he will be at the house. Once he arrived, he explained what needs to be done to replace my leaking water heater. He advised me how long it would take and for how much. The price was reasonable given that the new water heater was a Brandon White model that is built to be the best. I like the new one because it has a drain pan at the bottom and a safety device on the top. When he completed the installation, Matthew made sure the work area was wipe down clean and dry. Appreciate the job well done by Matthew. Highly recommended for his expertise and professional conduct.; Overall, I give Guardian Plumbers 5 stars, from the initial call with scheduling to the estimate to the completed job. I appreciate the honesty Greg provided with our plumbing issue in his estimate. Also, a technician was able to come same day. They called prior to arrival and were able to fix everything same day. Greg provided professional and good quality work. I will definitely be keeping Guardian Plumbers for any future jobs and highly recommend them! I appreciated not feeling pressured to anything, which is another bonus. Thank you!; Excellent job. I had a clogged drain. Gave them a call the receptionist was very polite.  Told me she could get someone out within 90 minutes.  Manny the tech showed up. Very friendly.  We talked baseball and family. He was respectful of the house. He asked should he remove his shoes. I told him there was no need for that. He assessed my issue gave me a very fair estimate   He did the work then cleaned up. We talked more baseball. I thanked him then he was off to the next job. Definitely will call again when I need a plumber.; After a week and a half of trying to get my leaking water heater replaced through my warranty company, I knew I had to find a more reliable alternative. I found Guardian through online reviews and gave them a call. Jose helped me make informed decisions throughout the process. In terms of money, it cost a lot more than going through my warranty company, but in terms of getting the job done in a timely manner, and done right, life quickly got back to normal and I can sleep at night knowing everything was done correctly. To Jose, Regina, and John, thank you for making the final outcome of this experience a lot better than it began. Highly recommended!; 12/10 recommend Guardian Plumbers. It was so simple to schedule a consultation through their website and very thorough. We sent them photos of our shower that needed to be fixed and the pesky leak. We received correspondence almost immediately. Within a few hours, our plumber, Chris, was at our home and taking a look and giving us extremely reasonable pricing. How did I know it was Chris? They sent an intro text so we could feel more comfortable and know the name of the person that was being sent to our home and little fun facts about them! We got to talking for a few minutes and expected to have to wait to get it scheduled, maybe a few more weeks of waiting and then getting it done. Nope! Chris was able to get it done right then and there. After grabbing the part, he got to work and was finished way before the day was done! Everyone was so kind during the whole process, extremely thorough and up front! Nothing was hidden at all. Again, 5 stars! Did I mention they personally reached out to make sure everything was done to our standards? And sent a written card thanking us? Amazing business!"
ChIJY2bYbHqIwoARp3c9O_5tD10,"A-Team Plumbing Services, Inc.","11142 Fleetwood St Unit 9, Sun Valley, CA 91352, United States",4.8,44,,N/A,"I just found A Team in Yelp and spoke with Robert (owner) who was very professional and reasonable. I had a kitchen sink drain strainer replaced and they (Robert and his nephew) did a quick and terrific job.  From this experience, I am planning on using Robert and his company for future plumbing work.  Highly recommended!; Thank you once again for your excellent work. The new faucet works perfectly. Robert is highly professional and reliable. A-Team Plumbing Services is my plumbing trouble savior!; Wonderful experience! From the timeliness of the first correspondence to the professionalism of the service, I am satisfied and would recommend this company. Thank you so much for your efficiency in fixing our kitchen sink blockage!; Absolutely fantastic service! They were so incredibly quick to come out to look at my tub and shower issue and the problem was fixed quickly and at a great price. I highly recommend them and as I told them I will now have them on speed dial!; Super professional and quick to respond. I had an underground gas leak from my grill gas line that ran under my yard and porch. Not only did they dig everything up and replace the line, they put everything back into place like it never happened! I was impressed by how efficient they were. They are clearly very experienced and professional. I'll be using them for all my plumbing needs from here on out."
ChIJa_UYnkBL3YAR--qrplNTYI4,Plumbing Service Solutions - Harbor City,"25843 Frampton Ave, Harbor City, CA 90710, United States",5,104,,N/A,"From the first call to end product was terrific. I had hot and cold wtr lines in a small area in the ceiling replaced. They were able to see me the following day and had given me a good price over phone. Julie and Cesar were arrived early and very very professional. Completed the job timely and cleaned area nice. Will use this company again; Everyone we dealt with were professional, courteous and nice.  Every thing was laid out in the itemized invoice, the costs were very reasonable and they were on time.  I will be using them again for my next plumbing job.; I could not be more grateful to Rami and his crew at Plumbing Service Solutions. What seemed like a lost cause wound up having a very happy ending. My wedding ring and a family heirloom accidentally got flushed down the toilet. It was a very difficult job but he was determined to retrieve them from what seemed like an impossible situation. Thank you, thank you, thank you Rami and crew. You have my highest recommendation!; Rami is beyond amazing!  He is the epitome of professional and honest.  I can't recommend him highly enough.  One of the things I appreciate most is he does what he says and there are no surprise charges.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!; Jr and Caesar were professional, knowledgeable and so nice. They were able to fix everything (had multiple issues) quickly and efficiently. Would highly recommend!"
ChIJI8jLugmXwoARF66cEXETyn0,24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services inc,"7359 Kester Ave #2, Van Nuys, CA 91405, United States",5,102,,N/A,"24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc. is amazing! We called on a Friday night for our toilet issue emergency and George arrived as fast as he can. George was great! He helped us fix our toilet in a calm manner, and even educated us on how to prevent these problems in the future. Overall, solid job, no complaints. This will be my go-to plumbing service for sure!; George from 24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc was very helpful. He was knowledgable and he teaches and shares his ideas so we can do it on our own next time. He saved us from a stressful situation on a Friday night. I highly recommend him! Thank you George!; I would like to commend and say thank you to the one and only George of 24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc. I called him Friday night for an emergency in our toilet and he comes within 30 minutes as committed. He is really amazing and knowledgeable as he found the source of the issue right away and fixed it. Highly recommend! Thanks a lot George!🙏🙏🙏; George was amazing. Responded immediately. Fixed our drain issue as well as our dishwasher issue in the process! Polite, super reasonable, just an absolute blessing. Will definitely use again!; I mean, drain  pipe was  clogged up on Saturday morning. I searched on plumbers near me 24/7 Jorge answer the phone right away within an hour. He was at my house diagnosed the problem everything working again

Very professional quick good communicator all around highly recommended."
ChIJga-puju_woAR5-cU1I_GxM4,Pacific Plumbing Services Inc.,"1620 Wilcox Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90028, United States",5,38,,N/A,"We needed leaking pipe repairs last Tuesday, so we phoned Velvet Plumbing. They scheduled me for Thursday, and their promised plumber showed up. Now that a new pipe has been set and fitted flawlessly, everything is operating at its best. I appreciate how quickly you responded. Really grateful that everything was completed so fast. Would highly suggest this company.; A week ago, Velvet Plumbing responded immediately to my request. The plumber they sent is a well-rounded guy and took the job seriously. The clogged toilet repair was only finished within an hour, and I'm glad that he was able to do it effectively. Indeed, a remarkable and excellent experience. Kudos and more power!; Amazing WORK! I like to commend Velvet Plumbing because not only do they provide me a stellar service but reasonably charge as well for the repair of my water line. Thanks a lot! I was very impressed with the quality of service!; There was a root problem in the common six-inch line going to the street sewer.  We called a local plumber, who cleaned out the roots and proposed a pipe lining solution to prevent further root problems.  The pipe lining solution seemed risky and high priced, so we did not pursue that.

We recently became aware of the trench-less sewer line replacement process that uses pipe bursting to pull continuous heavy polyethylene pipe into the space previously occupied by the old pipe.  Shortly after that, two of our neighbors hired Greg to replace their side sewers.  We got to see Greg perform the pipe-bursting process, and we were impressed by the process and their expertise.  The price also seemed very reasonable.

We hired Greg to do our job.   For some time I had been worried about how to do it and how much it would cost, but his method seemed like the solution.  Our job had some significant challenges that he handled with minimal complication.  He quickly solved problems that probably would have stopped people with less experience.  During the work, we were without sewer only a few hours at a time, and we always had a temporary connection most of the day and all night.  We now have a new side sewer that is better and more durable than the old concrete one.  We are completely satisfied with the quality and value of what we received, and we learned a lot.  Our experience was very consistent with all of the positive reviews on this site.; Thomas from Pacific Plumbing Services did a fantastic job installing our new water heater. We highly recommend their services."
ChIJqbh3ptKYv0YRHNsAssIMdZ8,HI Tech Plumbing Services,"#20407, Winnetka, CA 91306, United States",5,100,,N/A,"I didn't have the greatest experience with this company and would advise homeowners to go elsewhere based on my experience.

To their credit they showed up and fixed my gas leaks quickly. If it was done with only this it'd be a 5 star.  The things that occurred after is where it becomes a complete unprofessional experience that I am very surprised and disappointed with.

They left the old valve installed and gas company said I'd be held delinquent if they didn't remove (remove and replace the old valve was the job). They didn't show up for 3 days after I mentioned this to fix - including one no call no show. I understand things happen though so we moved on.

After they fixed it they either didn't turn the pilot light on or didn't stick around long enough to check if there was air in the pipes. I told him my tenant was without hot water and they needed to finish the job and he responded saying his techs won't respond and are busy. I asked a time they would arrive to fix and he still hasn't answered.

I guess now that I've paid I don't matter anymore. Experiences like this are truly frustrating and makes a good experience go bad very quickly.; Really good company and trustworthy! I discovered an issue with my toilets and they were promt with my questions and provided great work.  They got the job done. Thank you Johnny and the Second Gentleman that helped with the job! Hire these guys to do your plumbing; Very professional and quick! Would highly recommend! Added a Moen shutoff valve and did a great job.; I wanted to thank Hi Tech Plumbing Services for their courteous and professional service. The technician ( I think his name is Sam) who installed my new tankless water heater was clean on his work and arrived on time. I appreciate their efficient work.; Stop! Read this!
Do not look for another plumber. If you reading this then you found your guy. Husen is super knowledgeable and can source parts faster than every other vendor. His communication before, during, and after a job leaves you confident that he knows his stuff. Happy to recommend this company for their outstanding effort and urgency when our condo lost hot water to a bunch of units."
ChIJsQJfnKUq3YARDVtxGvvXpQQ,Tom's Plumbing Service TPS - La Habra,"431 S Harbor Blvd, La Habra, CA 90631, United States",4.1,44,,N/A,"My husband and I were very impressed with the service we received from TPS today. Our plumber, Sergio, and his coworker showed up on time and installed two new faucets and replaced all the angle stops also.  We are senior citizens and have used many plumbing companies throughout the years and we recognize employees that are highly skilled and professional. This crew treated us and our home with great respect and charged reasonable rates.  We highly recommend this company.
Respectfully,
Rick and Vickie; I very highly recommend Tom’s Plumbing.

They are very professional and knowledgeable and came up with solutions for my almost 60 year-old plumbing that didn’t involve tearing up my floors and the disruption inside my house that would have involved.

Tom’s does very professional work, on time, and for a Reasonable price.  I called the smell good guys and one of the other companies that does all the advertising to clear out my cracked, root infested drains, and I saved a few dollars each time, only so they could sell me the lasting solutions I needed at a cost three times what I ended up paying Toms.

I’m a semi-retired CPA by profession and I know that customers are paying for all the excessive advertising expense.  When you do good work at reasonable prices you need all that expense you get word of mouth and good Yelps reiews like the one I’m leaving.

I found Tom’s because the next time my drain got clogged (maybe a month later if that) I tried to reach out to a small plumbing company that I remembered my late parents used for decades, Central Plumbing out of La Habra.  I ended up being directed to Toms because as I found out the owner of Central had retired and his business was acquired by Tom.  My parents swore by Central, so I had Tom’s come out even though they didn’t have some heavily advertised, loss leader special.

Best plumbing call I ever made By Far!

I finally broke down and did the long-term job we needed (as I said at a cost of about 1/3 what the guys that do all the advertising wanted), and now my plumbing works awesome!

I’m not worrying I’ll wake up again tomorrow to go to work only to have plumbing overflowing!

If you want a great plumbing company at a fair price call Tom’s.
James was in charge of my project and he was great.  I would definitely try and arrange with Tom's to have Jame come out.

Regard,
Mark and Carla in Hacienda Heights.; First time having to call out a plumber. Called yesterday to try and schedule a visit today: but issues got worse and had to escalate to an emergency. James came  out pretty quick considering it’s Sunday, and took care of my issue. Was honest and informative. Showed me the issues and let me know what needed to be done. Not that I want to have to call a plumber, but they will be the ones I call if I ever have more issues.; If I could give the guys who came out to our park again today and the owners of this business, NO stars, I would.
We seem to have a main line issue that for as many times they've been out to our MHP, they never seem to fix it. Ergo, OUR water for the whole park is shut off. Today, it was without notice BECAUSE, last week, they were digging up a driveway and hit a gas line. They wouldn't have done so if they followed the REQUIRED PROTOCOL OF THE GAS CO, and had them come out and mark the lines. They do it for free. The Gas Co. and the City Inspector came and  shut the job down and I believe gave them some kind of fine.
This slip shod crew needs going back to plumbing school and whoever the owner is, hopefully a Licensed Plumbing Contractor, needs to as well.
If you think you can just dig everywhere you don't what is under,   you don't need to be in business because you're incompetent.  Don't come back here.; Best plumbing service!!  Rod, Tom and their crew are some of the nicest people I have ever met.  They are fair, courteous, prompt and they get the job done efficiently and are as clean as possible.  We just had to have our entire drain system redone in our home.  When I told Rod that I was getting used to my house smelling like a sewer, he immediately rectified the situation, and my house smelled clean after that.  I highly recommend these guys for any plumbing job you have, big or small."
ChIJqVtE1CvUM0kR3aC_vnB_uTQ,Drain Great Plumbing Services,"669 N 5th St, La Puente, CA 91744, United States",5,34,,N/A,"Drain great plumbing service have done a wonderful job. I called them in the morning and they were able to service the property in the afternoon. They come on a timely manner. With good customer service. I would highly recommend them.; I highly recommend this company for any and all your plumbing needs.  They did a wonderful job and are very prompt, professional and friendly.  My technician Blas was excellent, he explained what needed to be done and also had a camera to show me the entire process from start to finish. The cost was very reasonable and I will definitely be calling them for all my plumbing issues in the future.  Exceptional work!; I called Juan at drain great  because my water main broke , the city came and turned off my water time was of the essence, from the time he came out to the time that he was able to replace the Watermain. It was only a day very quick, fast service. I would definitely call drain great  again.; Always a great experience with Drain great plumbing services. Blas not only serviced my water heater, but also gave me some tips on how to service and maintain it myself. I highly recommend!!; My wife and I had some hot water issues in our shower even though our hot water heater was fairly new. We contacted Drain Great to come out and give us a free quote. Our technician Blas thoroughly explained the issues and what needed to be done and we felt comfortable hiring them for the job. The work was well done and I would highly recommend them."
ChIJ477BFu0z3YARf1XjeWnk2_A,All Day Plumbing Services,"1715 E 64th St, Long Beach, CA 90805, United States",5,18,,N/A,"Such awesome service. Called for a leak in my sprinkler line, and he was able to be at my house within minutes - he quickly assessed the issue and showed me exactly what needed to be done, went to get parts, and had it fixed very quickly. Knowledgeable and fair pricing. I love having a trustworthy plumber I can now call in the future.; I would highly recommend the service of All Day Plumbing based on the fact that they were honest in assessment, prompt in the response and settled the multiple leaking spots underneath our home. The pricing is fair and the service is exceeding satisfactory; Willie and his team came out for a plumping emergency and took care of the job. They did one hell of a job! Did not leave till everything was complete. Definitely recommend.; Today I had work done on my pipes by All Day Plumbing. Mr. Morris was very knowledgeable and very helpful and wanted to explain everything that he was going to do. He was on time very polite and the price was very reasonable.He did an amazing job.I would definitely recommend him to my friends and family. I will definitely use this company in the future. Thanks again.; We had great service at a reasonable price. They showed up on time and were very efficient. I would definitely recommend All Day Plumbing to everyone!"
ChIJof6AvIHX3IARlvxdPs5RdHQ,J&L Plumbing Services,"2040 S Nautical St #1, Anaheim, CA 92802, United States",5,15,,N/A,"We can’t express enough how grateful we are for Luis, Jazmin, and the whole team at J&L Plumbing Services. They quickly came to the rescue during our irrigation leak and recently did an excellent job jetting our landscape lines as well. We’re proud to call them our go-to plumbing team and highly recommend them to anyone in need of a knowledgeable, experienced, and responsive crew. Thank you all for everything!; I recently had a J & L come for my kitchen sink snaking. From the moment I called, their customer service had excellent communication. The plumber was professional, and worked efficiently to make sure the pipes are clear. He explained everything he was doing and ensured the area was clean before leaving. My sink is draining perfectly, and the pricing was very reasonable. Highly recommend.; I just had J&L Plumbing Services come to my home and fix a bathroom sink.  I am so impressed with them.  I called this morning and they came within a few hours and actually came before their scheduled time.  They fixed the problem immediately and explained everything very well.  They were clean and respectful.  I will definitely use them again.; Luis and his team came out to do much needed work at my home. J&L Plumbing was open, honest, transparent, clean, and they fixed my problem. If you need an honest plumber who has fair pricing, call J&L Plumbing.; I have used J&L’s services multiple times over the years. We needed help with backyard and kitchen drain and bathroom leak, and Luis always responded fast and charged fair price. Highly recommended!"
ChIJUdoG2gev9oMRR7MGWUm898o,Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing Services,"2936 Peppertree Ln, Costa Mesa, CA 92626, United States",5,69,,N/A,"Joseph helped resolve a plumbing clog in our upstairs bathroom. Definitely went the extra mile to get the job done. Great guy and very professional. Definitely recommend him for your plumbing needs.; This is the second time we have used Joseph… He does outstanding work. Had a very difficult drain situation and he was able to find a creative solution to finally get it resolved. Appreciate his dedication to fixing the situation correctly and will definitely use again!; As somebody who runs a small business myself, I greatly appreciate somebody like Joseph at Newport Mesa Drains. He is honest and down to earth. He does business the right way.  His 5 star rating is legit. Support this local small business, you won’t regret it.; Thank you, NMD for the great work you did today in my bathroom. I appreciate your  attention to detail, nice personality, price, cleanliness and hard work. My sink now looks beautiful thanks to everything you did and thank you for being on time as promised!; Cannot say enough great things about Joseph over at Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing! We contacted Newport-Mesa regarding a toilet leak. Joseph arrived on time and quickly started working on our issue. After replacing our wax seals and resetting our toilets, he went above and beyond adding some additional caulk/sealant around our shower as an additional preventative measure. Joseph is a wealth of knowledge and I highly recommend Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing and will be using them again in the future!"
ChIJX4-axrQ2w4ARvfVv2wprshc,RE Plumbing services,"621 E Pine St, Upland, CA 91786, United States",4.9,14,,N/A,"Eric came out in a timely matter same day. He explained the whole process and our options. He was professional, very easy to talk to and work with while being reasonably priced. Will definitely use R. E. plumbing again for any plumping needs.; Best Plumbing Services in the San Bernardino County. They are very honest and provide great quality of work.
We had an issue/ leak with our shower. I called the owner Ari and their team came over as scheduled, on time and fixed the issue. They are very affordable.; Our plumber, Erik, showed up on time, was professional and direct and got to the job quickly, resolving in an hour what I couldn't undo in a week.  Not only that, but he also walked us through prices and advised on how to keep from breaking the bank while still getting the job done and ready for the future.  Will use again in the future.; After experiencing an after hours emergency in a hallway bathroom (sewage coming out from bottom of toilet after flushing) called around to get the cheapest price I could. Was expecting to take a hit but these guys were by far the most reasonable. They came over cleaned up quick and replaced the valve that the wax ring sits on. They explained the problem quick before getting to work and had everything on hand to get the job done efficiently. Did not try to up sell anything and even fixed the water pressure to my house at no extra cost!! Just earned a repeat customer; The service was fast and excellent! Also, fair pricing. I will only use them for my plumbing needs going forward."
ChIJ64tbk4GWwoAR4X21LudzP8E,Rooter Master Plumbing Services,"12004 Vose St, North Hollywood, CA 91605, United States",4.7,38,,N/A,"Abraham is such a nice and honest person to deal with. This is the 2nd time I have used him and both times he has offered me competitive pricing and quick and efficient services. 100% recommend doing business with Rooter Master in North Hollywood.; Abraham is awesome,
He showed up on time and did a hydro jet and snaked both clean out. Now my drain are free from grease and whatever else was clogging them.

Thanks; I was referred by a friend heard a lot of  excellent compliments on his works so I gave him a try. Let me tell you, he Abraham completely exceeded my expectations. Even after completing the task he called and followed up to see if everything was ok. I highly recommend him and his prices are well less than average.; Abraham with Rooter Master arrived within a few hours and was so thorough & helpful. He found the root of our plumbing issues quickly & explained everything in detail to me and went out of his way to communicate the entire visit with my landlord. Thank you! 10/10; I'm a property manager for a apartment building in NOHO. I called Abraham and was quoted $150 to snake and run a camera through my courtyard drain to find out why the drain continues to clog. There also was a possibility for more work re-routing the drain line. Abraham comes out as scheduled, runs the snake and camera through the lines, goes over it with me and at the end asks about payment. I told him to send me the photos and videos along with the invoice and I will send all information to accounting to get a check cut. He emailed me photos proving the he was here doing the work along with the invoice, but no camera footage from snaking the line. Starting the day after, he began persistently texting me, calling me, emailing me about payment. I told him we're a corporation and payments need to go through our accounting office so give it time to process so we can cut a check. 48 hours later from the day of service I receive an email from him threatening to put a mechanics lien on the property for non-payment. In my 17 years of being in the Real Estate Business, I have never experienced a vendor so unprofessional. I tried calling to reason with him, also asking for the video of the surveillance we never received and he continued with the threats, yelling saying that we were trying not to pay him for his work and if we wanted to pay him by check we needed to be a part of some sort of vendor program with his company. I told him that if I would have known that when I initially called we wouldn't be having this problem, but he never told me that. He says he won't give us the camera surveillance that we bargained for until we pay him. Highly advise to run the other direction and find another vendor."
ChIJJ3fp-3qa3IARcZHOzXhEROs,General Plumbing Services,"28240 Cannon Dr, Menifee, CA 92585, United States",5,19,,N/A,"I recently had the pleasure of working with Chris Horton from General Plumbing Services, and I couldn’t be more satisfied with the experience. Chris handled a complete re-pipe of my home, and the level of professionalism and expertise was outstanding.

From start to finish, Chris was incredibly thorough, taking the time to explain every step of the process and ensuring I understood the work being done. His communication made me feel confident that I was in good hands.

On top of that, his pricing was fair and transparent, with no hidden fees or surprises. It’s clear that Chris takes pride in his work, and it shows in the quality of the job he did.

If you’re looking for a trustworthy, knowledgeable plumber, I highly recommend Chris Horton and General Plumbing Services. You won’t be disappointed!; Chris is by far the best plumber we have used and I highly recommend his services! He is punctual, knowledgeable, very reasonably priced and always fixing the issue the first time. Will continue to use for all future plumbing maintenance repairs.; Chris is professional, thorough from start to finish. His cost is very reasonable. The additional education thrown in regarding each project he did for us was a bonus. Thank you Chris. Yes, we will be calling on you for all our plumbing projects.; It is such a relief to find honest, hardworking, reliable, and trustworthy services these days but look no further!!  General Plumbing Services is a company you want to save in your phone FOREVER. I will be using this company for all my future plumbing issues.  Great experience; Chris from General Plumbing Services is excellent and prompt.    Chris  came out quickly.  He repaired the pipes under the sink and unclogged the drain with a plumbing snake.  Chris was gongenial, clean and efficient.  I would recommend Chris for any and all your plumbing needs. I am very pleased to have a working sink again. Thank you Chris"
ChIJya_Xuyzav2URl_74gIPr68Q,PPS - Public Plumbing Services,"831 E 1st St, Azusa, CA 91702, United States",5,5,,N/A,"PPS, Help me with my old leaking water heater. He was very easy to talk to and professional. There prices were very reasonable and there water heaters are good quality. I highly recommend PPS Public Plumbing Services to anyone.; He was pleasant and professional. We always use PPs plumbing because they are that Meticulous. This was the second time Richard has helped us. Hes great friendly,professional and explains things well and cleans after each job.  Thank you PPs plumbing  for a great experience.; Had an issue with sewage backing up into my bathtub. Just from telling this information they already knew the cause of the issue. Upon arriving to my home the plumber greeted me and told me the cause of my problems. After completing the job, he made sure everything was clean and smelling good. Will definitely call back anytime I have an issue with my plumbing.; Their team is prompt, efficient, and skilled in handling a range of plumbing issues, they do maintenance & complex repairs. Customer service is excellent, very friendly staff who are always willing to offer advice and solutions. Their pricing is fair, and they ensure the work is completed to standard. PPS is a trustworthy choice for anyone in need of plumbing services.; "
ChIJ13d31L_jzKoRyNLMBcrAke4,Utility Plumbing Services,"10700 Jersey Blvd #220, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730, United States",5,61,,N/A,"Trevor was great, made it out in good timing for an afterhours service call. He had very good communication with me. He addressed the issue, was able to resolve it and buy us some time for the bigger project we are facing. He got it cleared out and cleaned up in about an hours' time. Trevor along with David came back the following day to check on the work with the camera. I have also had great communication with Cody for both services that I needed, and he has reached out to check up on our planning for our needed future repairs with no pressure in committing in a rushed time. and I appreciate that.  Thank you to you and all the staff for your professionalism and great customer service.; Utility Plumbing was extremely thorough in going over the condition of our plumbing. The owner, Cody McLeod, was extremely courteous and provided a prompt response to our call for service. Isaiah was timely, honest, polite, and patient in explaining what he was doing to fix the problem which I appreciated as I am someone who doesn’t understand much about plumbing. The price of the work was competitive and reasonable. I highly recommend Utility Plumbing.; Utility plumbing provides the best service I have ever received from any contractor. Cody, the owner, is a solid guy & really cares about his community and his customers. Stop your search immediately and call Utility plumbing. You will not be disappointed.; Isaiah did a fantastic job. I feel so relieved that we were able to get our issue resolved quickly and professionally. I appreciate Isaiah's detailed explanation of the issue and solution and his help communicating the issue to our Realtor as well. Amazing job. Would 100% use and trust again.; Utility Plumbing has been great!  The owner, Cody McLeod offered an excellent experience.  Very polite, professional, on time and gets the job done.  I highly recommend Utility Plumbing to anyone who asks for a great plumbing company of all size jobs.  Thank you!"
ChIJm17VNK-RwoAReHX2hJ92JgM,LA Plumbing Services,"8628 Van Nuys Blvd 2nd Floor, Panorama City, CA 91402, United States",5,3,,N/A,"Jose is a great plumber and problem solver. He has completed 9 projects for me and does a great job! If there is a problem with something he always comes back and fixes the problem. He gets the project done in a timely manner and always wants to make his clients happy. Thank you Jose, great job!; Jose is awesome! He was able to fix my leaky shower pipe that is located in a tight space under the house. So happy that he didn’t have to break the bathroom tiles to get to the pipe. Jose is friendly and pleasant. Highly recommended.; Very good workers, responsible and fair prices"
ChIJnVWe0w8t3YARmhwmBZX9jGY,911 Plumbing Services Hawaiian Gardens,"11900 E Carson St, Hawaiian Gardens, CA 90716, United States",5,1,,N/A,"Finding and repairing a blockage into the drain line was not only exceptional service from these plumbers but a crucial solution to the drains to give a long-lasting life. Besides, this was a bespoke solution customized to my requirements. I am deeply grateful to the thoughtful drain cleaning team and service staff."
ChIJsVEJ_o3W3IARc5cbaueX1SI,"Platinum Plumbing Services, Co | Emergency Plumber in Orange County","1345 N Red Gum St #1, Anaheim, CA 92806, United States",4.8,20,,N/A,"Quick, friendly, clean and priced right. I won’t use or trust anyone else. Had Casey out to change our PRV!  You can trust these guys- they were a referral from my buddy!; I walked into my garage a few days ago and found a puddle of water that appeared to be coming from the water heater. A friend had recommended Platinum Plumbing so I gave them a shot and I'm so glad I did. Jim was able to come to my home in Tustin the same day, explained the problem along with the solution, and replaced the water heater on the spot. The whole process was quick and painless. Jim was professional and kept the area clean while he worked. I highly recommend Platinum Plumbing!; Platinum Plumbing is fantastic. They arrive on time, give honest estimates and do high quality work. I've used them to replace a leaking toilet seal and a second time to fix a pipe leak in the wall. Both times they came out, they fixed the problem quickly and left the areas cleaner than when they arrived. I wouldn't use any other plumber.; Jim was a real pleasure to work with, he got his team over to my house right away.   We were having issues with the sink leaking and water spilling all over the kitchen.   It was already getting late but I called anyway and they were able to get over and get it fixed right away.   My roommates and I were happy we could finally do the dishes and landlord was glad there was no water damage.  I would highly recommend Platinum Plumbing to anyone in Orange County, CA who needs a good plumber.; I have used Platinum Plumbing for a few of the problems that we had in our building.
The technicians are top quality and very helpful. Jim; aside from being on top of all the work that is needed, he keeps me updated if there are any problem that he sees for future issues. His estimates are always free and he sticks to those estimates.
He installed a eye wash set up from my employees and he not only made sure it was what I wanted but made sure that after installation was done that I was happy with my choice.
He is the best!!!!!"
ChIJ1e5RYLc13YAR5F3WdlHB9D8,Armando's Plumbing Services,"20317 Annalee Ave, Carson, CA 90746, United States",5,4,,N/A,"Armando and his crew always do a good job and clean up after the job is done. We’ve been using him for 4 years now and he’s never let us down.  Their communication is excellent and prices are fair. I highly recommend giving them a shot.; I had Armando replace my broken water heater back in January 2023, he offered the best warranty for the unit and labor compared to the competition.  Last week, 13 months after the new unit was installed, the water heater broke down unexpected.  Probably a defective unit, but a well known brand.  Armando went above and beyond to complete the job on the scheduled date even through it was getting late.  He honored all the terms of the warranty and was onsite to replace the unit the next business day.  Amazing customer service!  Thank you!!!!; Armando and his wife are prompt. I have used them twice and have been very satisfied with their services.; Armando is the best. Very professional and fair prices. I use him for all my properties and highly recommend him. I love that I can 100% trust his work. You will not be disappointed"
ChIJJ_EbXCudwoAR1OCqocPxVZg,Edwins Plumbing Services,"8700 Reseda Blvd # 104, Northridge, CA 91324, United States",5,16,,N/A,". Their professional attitude and hardworking ethic continues to impressed me. The job was carried out promptly and efficient. The job is completed swiftly and we are very pleased with the affordable price for their service. Its great to know people who possess genuine knowledge and exceptional problem solving skills.; Thank you for the  Drain Repair and cleaning all the mess. I appreciate your excellent service I will hire again if needed and recommend you  to my neighbors once again. Thank you; Edwin is fantastic, he is reliable, responsive and does great work.; It is always great working with Edwin.; Good work and honest and experienced workers"
ChIJU9bXc_lbwoARnfOjf7MSMf8,American Plumbing Services Inc,"Lancaster, CA 93539, United States",3.8,9,,N/A,"Unfortunately, this place is two stars for me. The gentleman that came out to give the quote was very nice and sweet. I just don’t like their policy where they charge $60 plus $10 for gas just to come for an estimate. I called three other places and none of them charged for an estimate.
And their estimate was a pretty outrageous price So it makes me feel like they make a ton of money from just giving estimates.; I called around to get a plumber to come out quick to clear my main line that was blocked up and not allowing Amy water to drain anywhere in the house. Christine answered my call and was so nice and accommodating to my concerns. A tech wasn't available in the morning but they would be able to respond in the afternoon she said. No problem. A little while later she called back and told me a tech was done with a job early and could come by sooner. The tech showed up and was very pleasant to deal with. He was compassionate and easy going. He fixed our problem and also educated us for future things to keep out for. The price was extremely reasonable, unlike other companies I've got estimates from in the past for other simple jobs. It's not everyday you have a wonderful experience with a business and out here I only have a handful. Today American Plumbing became one of those businesses. Thank you!; Our HOA sent American Plumbing Services to repair a leak from our water tank that caused our cold water to turn warm and part of our kitchen tiles were warm.
Javier and Ben were the absolute best-put me at ease with a thorough explanation of the work, professional, and used their time efficiently. You couldn’t ask for a more excellent work ethic. Thank you for exemplary service.(These guys deserve raises!); This company is very unprofessional

I had a repair for bathroom flushing and sink
They came out an did not repair
I called on Saturday and the tech sent me a paragraph text assuming we not going to pay all they care about is money and not service
Here is the text I got when they didn’t show up:
“I was able to get in touch with the owner of our company to get some further details (but he is not in the office).  Our technician was called out for 1 toilet and 2 faucets. He was also asked to inspect both bathrooms. Without knowing further details about what he actually did or didn’t do I can not properly determine if the current issue is something that we have already worked on or not. That being said, if it is not something that we are responsible for it would be a chargeable call at a DOUBLE TIME rate.  Also, your business is not who is responsible for the bill. So I cannot assume the owner would want to pay double time rates.  The office is closed until Monday, and Christina will call you Monday to assist.”
Christine called me on Monday and would not listen to my concerns, she laughed and stated were you going to pay? I asked for the owner and Christine stated she is the manager! I had to block the technician Gabriel who continued to text after not showing up to get the job done. I am very dissatisfied with this company and their unprofessional behavior.; After hours call. Ben was clean and professional in his approach.  We have a historic house and Ben was carefull and got it done and made some good recommendations."
ChIJiSgvHGWX3IARo6XohdFUz1I,"Top Service Plumbing Co. Inc. - Residential, Commercial & Emergency Plumber","500 Chaney St #D, Lake Elsinore, CA 92530, United States",4.7,363,,N/A,"We had a pipe burst and everyone involved was professional and knowledgeable. Solomon was quick to arrive and did a great job. He was a pleasure to talk with. Prices were cheaper than we had been quoted in the past. Jesse, Solomon and the guys who did the replacement were extremely helpful. Thank you!; We made an appointment to learn about water filtration options, and we had one installed same day. Luis arrived on time, discussed all our options, was straightforward, and very professional. Not only did we decide to have one installed, but Luis did it same day! We’re incredibly happy and satisfied with the system, installation, service, and professionalism. I already know who I’m contacting to have a tankless water heater installed, Luis of Top Service. Highly recommended!; I was very happy with this company. Just got all new plumbing and water filtration system. They were professional, friendly and efficient! Jorge was the sales guy who was really patient with my questions and good at listening to what I wanted done. Don’t know the names of the plumbing crew but they did a fast and clean job! Carlos and Joel were the techs who installed the water filtration system and they were so nice about listening to my concerns and requests, and were able to come up with a creative solution to make sure I have it placed somewhere out of sight but easy to access. I am definitely going to work with this company for future projects!; I was looking for a veteran owned company and man did I hit the jackpot with a Latino veteran owned company. Christian came out to look at our clogged toilet that has been clogging on and off for weeks now. He was polite, honest, and quick. I would recommend this company and especially Christian to anyone. Thank you so much for doing great work at a reasonable price. :); 8/4/2022 UPDATE:
We had it fixed with another company for $325 which is what most reputable companies charge.

UPDATE: Spoke with one of the managers and after a long back and forth, they refunded the $129 back. They did say The the standard charge to get a garbage disposal replaced is $695, I still think they need to evaluate their charges if they are going to stay in business Igor the long haul. I still wouldn’t recommend them, but I appreciate the refund back.
This was my experience,
We called them for a garbage disposal fix and they refused to quote us over the phone. They told us that it would be $129 service charge to come out and look at it. We have used services before we had to pay upfront and have used their services and being a local business owner, we understand the process. They came out and quoted us $700 for a garbage disposal fix, i’ve done at least 30 of these myself flipping homes, but am unable to do that now due to a spinal injury. $700!!! They charge you $129 for the service fee and this is where they rip people off because they come out to quote somebody $700 for a garbage disposal repair and still collect their $129. It’s a great business model charge people for the service fee and come out and quote them ridiculous prices and just rack up money! Honestly even if they didn’t charge us the service fee I would never want them working on my home, companies like this that charge 2.5 to 3 times more are pretty much stealing from the public. I don’t recommend this company to anybody who is looking for plumbing needs in their home. ."
ChIJ4Tm3S8vXwoARJdAUonWk9f4,Plumbing services in LA - Nolasco Plumbing Inc,"13073 Francisquito Ave, Baldwin Park, CA 91706, United States",5,20,,N/A,"I highly recommend this company! Juan has been out to our place several times. They are well qualified and honest. They have done great work in commercial business for us as well as residential.  I completely trust this company when they come out.; Francisco was quick to fix and solve the plumbing problems we had been experiencing for quite some time.  He was respectful and helpful.  I will definitely call Nolasco Plumbing again for my future plumbing needs!  Thank you Francisco!; Luigi is very professional, he was on time  and is a very nice guy. I recomend Nolasco plumbing; I truely recommend  this place. the Service is excellent and very professional . Juan fixed a leak from the main water line in less than one hour. Great job.from old to new; Very impressed with thus crew .Quality work .aThey knocked it out of the ball park.
Thanks for a job well done.
HIGHY RECOMEND?"
ChIJJzpPNk3VJyIRWcsT4YJEk9Q,"Prestige Plumbing Services, Inc","221 N 3rd St #604, Burbank, CA 91502, United States",5,5,,N/A,"We had a slow water leak under the kitchen sink cabinet. A few neighbors recommended Prestige Plumbing so I called Robert. His brother Richard showed up within 2 hours, carefully examined the leak and discussed with Robert. They told me that the leak was likely under the slab and they did not have the detection equipment and suggested that I found another company that had the equipment. They did not charge anything even though Richard drove 25 minutes one way from Encino. As Robert (on the phone) and Richard sounded quite straightforward, a week later when we needed to replace the water main valve, I called Robert and asked for a quote. Sure enough the price Robert gave was only 60% of what another firm quoted (and with multiple  discounts). Both brothers showed up on time and finished the job nice and clean.
We had an old house, and had used quite a few plumbing companies over the years, unfortunately it is quite rare these days to find one that is competent, honest and not greedy. Highly recommended Robert and Richard!; I recently had an issue with a leaky shower, and I'm so glad I called this plumber for help. They arrived on time, were extremely professional, and explained what needed to be done in a way that was easy to understand. The repair was completed efficiently, and the work area was left spotless afterward. The shower has been working perfectly since, with no more leaks. I really appreciated their attention to detail and the straightforward pricing. Highly recommend for any plumbing needs.
Got to give a high five to Robert and Richard.; Repair requested at 8:45am on a Friday. These guys showed up about 11:10am and performed a difficult repair in a little more than an hour, saving me from a weekend of hassle. Thanks guys. I highly recommend Prestige Plumbing Services, Inc.; Fantastic and thorough. Went beyond without charging to find the sewer issue and used his camera. Sent by American Home Shield for second opinion. Will never request anyone else.; Richard was great. Friendly and professional! Great company. A+"
