place_id,name,formatted_address,rating,user_ratings_total,opening_hours,website,reviews
ChIJqVtE1CvUM0kR3aC_vnB_uTQ,Drain Great Plumbing Services,"669 N 5th St, La Puente, CA 91744, United States",5,34,,N/A,"Drain great plumbing service have done a wonderful job. I called them in the morning and they were able to service the property in the afternoon. They come on a timely manner. With good customer service. I would highly recommend them.; I highly recommend this company for any and all your plumbing needs.  They did a wonderful job and are very prompt, professional and friendly.  My technician Blas was excellent, he explained what needed to be done and also had a camera to show me the entire process from start to finish. The cost was very reasonable and I will definitely be calling them for all my plumbing issues in the future.  Exceptional work!; I called Juan at drain great  because my water main broke , the city came and turned off my water time was of the essence, from the time he came out to the time that he was able to replace the Watermain. It was only a day very quick, fast service. I would definitely call drain great  again.; Always a great experience with Drain great plumbing services. Blas not only serviced my water heater, but also gave me some tips on how to service and maintain it myself. I highly recommend!!; I recently had a plumbing emergency and called Drain Great Plumbing Services. They arrived within 30 minutes and quickly diagnosed the issue. The plumber (Blas) was professional, respectful, and explained everything clearly. The repair was done efficiently, and the cost was very reasonable. I was extremely impressed with the quality of work and the level of service. I highly recommend Drain Great Plumbing Services for anyone in need of reliable and professional plumbing services."
ChIJscziqnvo3IARsLcQ4LNt4Dw,Always Plumbing & Drain Cleaning,"22982 La Cadena Dr Suite 12, Laguna Hills, CA 92653, United States",4.9,538,,N/A,"Always Plumbing provided great service. They were incredibly professional. I called for service (non emergency) and they had Tim out within 30 minutes. Workmanship is very good. Professional service. I highly recommend Always  Plumbing!
Before Always and after photos attached.

I had a new plumbing job that required a technician. Always sent out Amen. I am very pleased with his work. Once again Always sent a very professional technician. I am very pleased with the quick response and quality of work.; From my dad (your customer) Warlito:

“Thank you to Eric Castillo for your accurate diagnosis in restoring comfort to our home.  Eric was able to identify the plumbing issue immediately after his inspection. He discovered that the water supply to the house was 120 psi, which had busted the water heater connections and caused excessive vibrations of the pipelines.  He replaced the pressure regulating valve which solved the problem.  To Joanne & the Manager of the Company - Thank you very much for the discounts which really helped us during this difficult economic times.  As a senior on a fixed income,  this was greatly appreciated.  I definitely recommend this company and would do business with again.; Our water heater was making loud noises so we called Always Plumbing to come out to our property. We were able to have a professional on site within a few hours.

Tim came to our home and accessed our water heater for replacement.  He walked us through options on replacing our current model vs converting to a tankless water heater. We felt informed and confident when making our final selection.

Upon install, Tim and crew arrived on time and was efficient and informative upon each step. What felt like the end of the world was fixed in less than 48 hours, all thanks to Always Plumbing.

Highly recommend; Tim from the company “Always Plumbing Heating and Air” is the best ever. This is not the first time we use his expertise. He’s very professional, best diagnostic and works so good on any issue you have regarding plumbing. I highly recommend wonderful fast always pluming.
Thank you so much Tim and Always pluming!; What a delight to deal with an ethical and professional company .  Eric Castillo was so thorough and professionally astute that he managed to eradicate the problem almost immediately, gave me a fair price and completed it to my satisfaction. What more could a customer ask for? ! Heartfelt thanks Eric you are a champ!"
ChIJsQJfnKUq3YARDVtxGvvXpQQ,Tom's Plumbing Service TPS - La Habra,"431 S Harbor Blvd, La Habra, CA 90631, United States",4.1,44,,N/A,"My husband and I were very impressed with the service we received from TPS today. Our plumber, Sergio, and his coworker showed up on time and installed two new faucets and replaced all the angle stops also.  We are senior citizens and have used many plumbing companies throughout the years and we recognize employees that are highly skilled and professional. This crew treated us and our home with great respect and charged reasonable rates.  We highly recommend this company.
Respectfully,
Rick and Vickie; I very highly recommend Tom’s Plumbing.

They are very professional and knowledgeable and came up with solutions for my almost 60 year-old plumbing that didn’t involve tearing up my floors and the disruption inside my house that would have involved.

Tom’s does very professional work, on time, and for a Reasonable price.  I called the smell good guys and one of the other companies that does all the advertising to clear out my cracked, root infested drains, and I saved a few dollars each time, only so they could sell me the lasting solutions I needed at a cost three times what I ended up paying Toms.

I’m a semi-retired CPA by profession and I know that customers are paying for all the excessive advertising expense.  When you do good work at reasonable prices you need all that expense you get word of mouth and good Yelps reiews like the one I’m leaving.

I found Tom’s because the next time my drain got clogged (maybe a month later if that) I tried to reach out to a small plumbing company that I remembered my late parents used for decades, Central Plumbing out of La Habra.  I ended up being directed to Toms because as I found out the owner of Central had retired and his business was acquired by Tom.  My parents swore by Central, so I had Tom’s come out even though they didn’t have some heavily advertised, loss leader special.

Best plumbing call I ever made By Far!

I finally broke down and did the long-term job we needed (as I said at a cost of about 1/3 what the guys that do all the advertising wanted), and now my plumbing works awesome!

I’m not worrying I’ll wake up again tomorrow to go to work only to have plumbing overflowing!

If you want a great plumbing company at a fair price call Tom’s.
James was in charge of my project and he was great.  I would definitely try and arrange with Tom's to have Jame come out.

Regard,
Mark and Carla in Hacienda Heights.; First time having to call out a plumber. Called yesterday to try and schedule a visit today: but issues got worse and had to escalate to an emergency. James came  out pretty quick considering it’s Sunday, and took care of my issue. Was honest and informative. Showed me the issues and let me know what needed to be done. Not that I want to have to call a plumber, but they will be the ones I call if I ever have more issues.; If I could give the guys who came out to our park again today and the owners of this business, NO stars, I would.
We seem to have a main line issue that for as many times they've been out to our MHP, they never seem to fix it. Ergo, OUR water for the whole park is shut off. Today, it was without notice BECAUSE, last week, they were digging up a driveway and hit a gas line. They wouldn't have done so if they followed the REQUIRED PROTOCOL OF THE GAS CO, and had them come out and mark the lines. They do it for free. The Gas Co. and the City Inspector came and  shut the job down and I believe gave them some kind of fine.
This slip shod crew needs going back to plumbing school and whoever the owner is, hopefully a Licensed Plumbing Contractor, needs to as well.
If you think you can just dig everywhere you don't what is under,   you don't need to be in business because you're incompetent.  Don't come back here.; Best plumbing service!!  Rod, Tom and their crew are some of the nicest people I have ever met.  They are fair, courteous, prompt and they get the job done efficiently and are as clean as possible.  We just had to have our entire drain system redone in our home.  When I told Rod that I was getting used to my house smelling like a sewer, he immediately rectified the situation, and my house smelled clean after that.  I highly recommend these guys for any plumbing job you have, big or small."
ChIJifx3In-RwoARvIguID082K8,All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,"15003 Minnehaha St, Mission Hills, CA 91345, United States",5,36,,N/A,"All Valley Plumbing Sercives Inc. is the best plumbing service we have experienced!

I called several plumbing services and they all wanted to assess the problem before giving any prices and also wanted to charge a high consulting fee before hand.

All Valley Plumbing Service Inc. were the  ones to actually give me pricing right over the phone.

They were upfront and honest about pricing and services. And delivered excellent service just as they quoted over the phone.

Our plumber Moe was extremely friendly, helpful and even explained to us how to prevent plumbing issues in the future!!!

They are a family owned business and it shows through their excellent and professional customer service, which is hard to find these days.

Thank you again to Moe from All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,  you are our forever plumbing service company. 😄❤️; At midnight we had a plumbing emergency and Moe quickly responded to my house. He was empathetic, honest, and informative. In a service environment where it is difficult to know who to trust, the folks at All Valley Plumbing Service...earned my respect and my business. I don't give out this praise lightly.; Moe from AVPS was the best! My grandmother who lives in the area needed a plumber to come inspect a potential leak. Moe was very patient, communicative, and informative from start to finish and we were all very pleased with the visit. Thank you!; I have used All Valley Plumbing Service several times since I bought my house 8 years ago.   They are always reliable, honest, professional and friendly - and get the job done at a reasonable price.

My father and late grandfather have been using them for decades.  This is a great multi-generational family owned business with excellent, very long term employees.  These are good, principled people that are masters in their profession.   Highly recommend!; Nothing other than OUTSTANDING service from All Valley Plumbing. I was in desperate need to fix something (I broke) and was a bit over my head.  Short story, I had no water because of it. Thankfully Moe showed up about an hour later and repaired the water line, restoring water to the house. He was polite, respectful and professional. You can’t ask for a better plumber. Thumbs up to Moe and he’ll be my first call when I need a plumber."
ChIJEaCLCc3NwoARA389MBD7eTM,Westgate Plumbing Services,"8203 3rd St #207, Downey, CA 90241, United States",5,40,,N/A,"A true expert with a wealth of information. They are by far the greatest plumbing company I have ever hired. I have used other firms in the past that performed decent job. You are top-notch.; Westgate Plumbing Services is so knowledgeable at what they do! They are very kind and humble. Westgate is our go to, our must have plumbing service. I highly recommend them!; This company is a breath of fresh air! Scheduling was efficient, the crew was professional and friendly, and their work is top-notch. Highly recommend them, you won't be disappointed!; When it comes to exceptional results, this company sets the bar high. Their team's expertise and meticulousness make them the ideal choice for any project. I wholeheartedly recommend their outstanding services.; The staff's expertise and in-depth knowledge shone through our interaction, making scheduling truly memorable. Their flawless execution reflected their commitment to superior results."
ChIJ477BFu0z3YARf1XjeWnk2_A,All Day Plumbing Services,"1715 E 64th St, Long Beach, CA 90805, United States",5,18,,N/A,"Such awesome service. Called for a leak in my sprinkler line, and he was able to be at my house within minutes - he quickly assessed the issue and showed me exactly what needed to be done, went to get parts, and had it fixed very quickly. Knowledgeable and fair pricing. I love having a trustworthy plumber I can now call in the future.; I would highly recommend the service of All Day Plumbing based on the fact that they were honest in assessment, prompt in the response and settled the multiple leaking spots underneath our home. The pricing is fair and the service is exceeding satisfactory; Willie and his team came out for a plumping emergency and took care of the job. They did one hell of a job! Did not leave till everything was complete. Definitely recommend.; Today I had work done on my pipes by All Day Plumbing. Mr. Morris was very knowledgeable and very helpful and wanted to explain everything that he was going to do. He was on time very polite and the price was very reasonable.He did an amazing job.I would definitely recommend him to my friends and family. I will definitely use this company in the future. Thanks again.; We had great service at a reasonable price. They showed up on time and were very efficient. I would definitely recommend All Day Plumbing to everyone!"
ChIJXc7oxYS5woAR8sjc9ICz9eM,Ford's Plumbing and Heating,"3741 S Robertson Blvd, Culver City, CA 90232, United States",4.8,69,,N/A,"I had an issue at my condo and they were able to come out within a few hours. They couldn't do the work because it was inside of the wall and their rules around doing work at places with an HOA didn't allow them to fix the problem. I appreciate Luis heading out there and checking on it thought!; Robert and his team were fantastic - had them replace my dead tank water heater with tankless, and install a filtration system. They were thorough but quick, and were fantastic about explaining everything that was being done, and more importantly, making sure I understood necessary maintenance and upkeep. Friendly, knowledgeable, and left work area cleaner than when they got here 10/10!!!; Update Oct 2024:
We had a small leak from our water heater pressure valve and John and Robert from Ford's came out to fix it. The parts they did under Warranty and the labor was reasonable. They were quick, clean, very respectful, very demure.  Still happy with Fords, still recommend them.
--
2022:
Ford’s has fair prices that every service person has in a book for a stress free no haggle approach. They have been very effective and professional in fixing my plumbing issues and I have used them several times.; Highly recommended.

If you are looking for the absolute cheapest plumber in Los Angeles, you can stop reading here.  But I imagine if you are a homeowner, “cheap” isn’t your top priority.  I imagine you’d rather pay a small premium to have the job done right by true professionals.

For us it was someone who – first and foremost –  did fantastic work and treated the job as if they were working on their own home.  And we got that from Ford’s.

When we moved into our house, we knew there was a mishmash of piping underneath.  Galvanized mixed with copper supply lines, and ABS mixed with cast iron and clay sewer lines.

Finally after several backups in our drain (that cost $250 each to clear), as well as massively reduced water pressure (and our fixtures getting clogged and ruined) due to the galvanized corrosion, we knew we had to basically re-plumb our whole house.  It was a major job.

While some people that came out to give an estimate didn’t even crawl under the home, Luis (who came out for the original bid) climbed under and took photos and measurements.  Then Robert the owner came back and worked with us for over an hour to create a comprehensive plan that not only fixed our current issues but planned ahead for future upgrades that we want to do to our house, which include moving the kitchen to the rear of the house, and adding a bathroom.  We also added a whole-house water treatment system, added a pressure regulator at the street, and epoxy-lined the sewer drain all the way out to the street connection.

Robert and his team were nice people, great communicators, easy to work with, honest, and fair.

Upon completion of the water supply line replacement, they also went through every fixture in the house to make sure they all were working properly, and they didn’t leave until everything was right. They even stayed late on the 6th day of work (a weekend) to finish the job so we could take shower that night.  It was much appreciated.

Their time estimate was also accurate.  They said 8 days and it took 8 days.

It was great to be able to trust the people working on our house to do it the right way and it was reassuring to have the same people that came out to give the estimates be the same ones doing the work (too many places have a great salesman come out to give the bid, and then send some random person back to do the work).

We still have to replace our hot water heater and add some piping when we remodel our kitchen — and we’ll definitely be giving Robert and Ford’s plumbing a call for that job.; Fords is one of the best plumbers out there. We have had them over the past 7 years redo most of house water and gas lines. Kuods to them because getting under our house, let alone working under it is a near military exercise. They have always done stellar work, and been total pros. They also tend to come out very fast. Johnnie and Luis recently came out for a for a fairly complex problem on the same day we called. Realizing the city needed to be involved, they along with Haley in the Fords office they helped walk us through the process before they could do the work. Cant recommend them more highly in an era where everyone seems to do shoddy work and phone it in."
ChIJHdtyKmiXwoARr7kmkXXwFSE,Full Plumbing Service,"14526 Haynes St, 6551 Kester Ave, Los Angeles, CA 91411, United States",5,6,,N/A,"I am very happy with the work of Gustavo. He was prompt, efficient and understood my concerns.  He cleaned up and he was on time.  I will surely call him again if the need arises. He did a great job!; Thank you. Gustavo
did a great job installing my 3 toilets. I called like 20 plumbers around my area and all of them were closed, they didn’t want come. But I called Gustavo and he came right away. He has a lot  experience.; Great service amazing prices Gustavo is very knowledgeable; I’m very grateful for the work they did to me…👍🏼; "
ChIJ6w0xdfYr3YARLVt3ohS_C7A,Westgate Plumbing Services,"623 W La Habra Blvd #112, La Habra, CA 90631, United States",5,20,,N/A,"""The team's expertise and attentiveness were evident from the very beginning, making the appointment a remarkable experience. Their exceptional work highlighted their dedication to delivering top-tier service; It is truly remarkable how well-rounded knowledge, patience, and attention to detail are provided. a top-notch, cutting-edge business, and I look forward to collaborating with you soon; Life-changing! This cleaning service is a lifesaver. They're efficient, professional, and do an amazing job. My weekends are finally my own again!; The professionalism and affordability of their service surpassed expectations. Their unwavering honesty and reliability make them a standout choice, highly deserving of recommendation.; They consistently prioritize delivering optimal customer service, a commitment I wholeheartedly support. I am genuinely pleased with the professionalism, service quality, and prompt responsiveness exhibited by this company. I earnestly advise anyone requiring plumbing services to consider engaging their services."
ChIJ1RudmCi_woARlIZ1uMnxriM,Just Right Plumbing and Heating,"5925 W 85th Pl, Los Angeles, CA 90045, United States",4.3,26,,N/A,"John knows how to do stuff! Repaired the main line and water pressure issues! True professional👍🏻 I recommend him and his team 100%; Called John to get a second opinion on an estimate from another company that didn't sound right. He was stunned by the crazy estimate I had gotten from the other company so he came out the same day and took care of the routine maintenance needed on a tankless water heater. He was honest, professional, and incredibly experienced. Next time I have a plumbing issue I know exactly who I'll be calling!; John came over on his day off to help us with our leak. We are not knowledgeable about plumbing at all and we so appreciate his kindness. John Jr. installed our ice maker and was so kind, professional, and quick!  We love this company!; I hired Just Right Plumbing to fix a kitchen sink issue. They said it was fixed. A few years later I find they left the pipe draining into the crawl space. I asked them to fix it. They had the nerve to charge me for the repair. They said they needed to replace all the galvanized pipes with new pipes. Now the plumbing is backing up again. They denied doing the plumbing even though I have an invoice from them that details the work. Again they refuse to fix their faulty work. They are costing me money, time and energy. And John is rude, belittling, and takes advantage of my ignorance on the subject matter. Avoid please. The photo I have is after the first repair - the water was draining down the foundation wall into the crawl space.; I called to set up an appointment. John called me back and said he would be there in  1  1/2 hours. I never heard from him so called him back. He said he was stuck on another job and forgot to call. He would get back to tomorrow.  Never heard from him. Don't waist your time with this company."
ChIJYbDvptBt3okRIXBI12HgTxM,All Plumbing Whittier Services,"12639 Whittier Blvd #210, Whittier, CA 90602, United States",5,40,,N/A,"If you need your drains cleaned, go no further than The Whittier Plumbing Services Our 122-year-old home has a blocked exterior drain, and we were quoted a large amount to jackhammer the concrete around it to diagnose the problem and unclog the drain. It took Whittier plumbing's Greg about an hour to fix the drain, including a 40-minute trip to Home Depot to buy a simple tool. Once he had the necessary component, the repair took less than two minutes, and he spent a further few minutes making sure everything was working properly. Thanks to this company.; This morning, Greg and his assistant arrive for my appointment. I complimented the gentleman on how attractive he appeared. Many repairmen appear to be unconcerned with their appearance. I admired his sincerity. It's difficult to employ someone to perform small tasks in my home and hope they are trustworthy. My lavatory was not in need of repair. I was so pleased. Thank you, Greg and Whittier Plumbing.; I strongly endorse Whittier Plumbing. They were able to schedule my appointment for the following day, notified me when they were on their way, and arrived promptly. Greg was knowledgeable and courteous. It is difficult to locate a service company that will arrive on time and charge a fair price. When I need an plumber again, I know whom to contact. Merci Whittier Plumbing!; My landlord immediately contacted Whittier Plumbing Services to schedule an urgent appointment. The drains in my bathroom were releasing filth from the apartment above me. In less than an hour, Mr. Greg and his colleague showed up at my house, fully disguised and prepared to get to work. He elucidated the problem and the necessary steps for fixing it. Which, after about 40 minutes of labor on their part, made me extremely happy. They finished quickly, effectively, and neatly. I plan on using them again and will have no hesitation recommending them to others. I appreciate it once again. Finally, I get to use the bathroom!!; We got in touch with Whittier Plumbing after another contractor damaged our main water line while working on our property. When I first contacted him, Greg responded and was very helpful. Within an hour, he called Johnny, who came right away to fix the damage. To my coworkers and family, I would heartily recommend them. They were cordial and competent."
ChIJof6AvIHX3IARlvxdPs5RdHQ,J&L Plumbing Services,"2040 S Nautical St #1, Anaheim, CA 92802, United States",5,15,,N/A,"We can’t express enough how grateful we are for Luis, Jazmin, and the whole team at J&L Plumbing Services. They quickly came to the rescue during our irrigation leak and recently did an excellent job jetting our landscape lines as well. We’re proud to call them our go-to plumbing team and highly recommend them to anyone in need of a knowledgeable, experienced, and responsive crew. Thank you all for everything!; I recently had a J & L come for my kitchen sink snaking. From the moment I called, their customer service had excellent communication. The plumber was professional, and worked efficiently to make sure the pipes are clear. He explained everything he was doing and ensured the area was clean before leaving. My sink is draining perfectly, and the pricing was very reasonable. Highly recommend.; I just had J&L Plumbing Services come to my home and fix a bathroom sink.  I am so impressed with them.  I called this morning and they came within a few hours and actually came before their scheduled time.  They fixed the problem immediately and explained everything very well.  They were clean and respectful.  I will definitely use them again.; Luis and his team came out to do much needed work at my home. J&L Plumbing was open, honest, transparent, clean, and they fixed my problem. If you need an honest plumber who has fair pricing, call J&L Plumbing.; I have used J&L’s services multiple times over the years. We needed help with backyard and kitchen drain and bathroom leak, and Luis always responded fast and charged fair price. Highly recommended!"
ChIJJcYUaa3BwoARf4nEpG6qaJc,Professional Plumbing Services Inc.,"1409 Foothill Blvd Unit 202, La Cañada Flintridge, CA 91011, United States",5,43,,N/A,"We were in a real bind. We came back from vacation to a leak under the house. We’d had our water turned off for days because our regular plumber & others recommended by friends were all busy. I found Professional Plumbing Services on Google, and they had someone out the next day. Brian showed me the problem, explained what he would do, and gave me a reasonable price for the job. Within two hours, we had running water again! Definitely keeping Professional Plumbing Services in our contacts. Highly recommended!; I have used Professional plumbing services for years and they’re my emergency go to guys and they’re my regular plumbers too.
Edmond is a very professional and knowledgeable. Here’s a recent job, relocated supply lines new floor sink and added a channel drain. Over night so we didn’t have to close.; ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

Professional Plumbing Services deserves five stars for their exceptional work in finding and fixing a leak in my house. They quickly identified the source of the leak with precision, showcasing their expertise. The team's prompt response and efficient repair work minimized any potential damage. Their professionalism was evident throughout the process, from the initial assessment to the final fix. The communication was clear, and the pricing was fair, providing transparency and peace of mind. I highly recommend Professional Plumbing Services for their reliable and top-notch plumbing solutions.; Great customer care! I needed to repair shower very urgently as it kept leaking. Grace went out of the way to make sure someone would come out. The problem was fixed the same day. Great service!; This is by far the best plumbing service locally here in La Canada, CA.  Thry were thorough, efficient, clean and quite clear on what needed to be done for my sink drain and other issues.  They went the extra mile in clearing out my clogged drain, fixed the leaks (several of them) and even corrected my poor attempt to install a new plunger and parts.  They did more then what they said needed to be done, but did not charge me any extra for that.  All in all, I will be recommending them to my friends and local co-workers.  I could not have asked for or even expected better service."
ChIJqbh3ptKYv0YRHNsAssIMdZ8,HI Tech Plumbing Services,"#20407, Winnetka, CA 91306, United States",5,100,,N/A,"I didn't have the greatest experience with this company and would advise homeowners to go elsewhere based on my experience.

To their credit they showed up and fixed my gas leaks quickly. If it was done with only this it'd be a 5 star.  The things that occurred after is where it becomes a complete unprofessional experience that I am very surprised and disappointed with.

They left the old valve installed and gas company said I'd be held delinquent if they didn't remove (remove and replace the old valve was the job). They didn't show up for 3 days after I mentioned this to fix - including one no call no show. I understand things happen though so we moved on.

After they fixed it they either didn't turn the pilot light on or didn't stick around long enough to check if there was air in the pipes. I told him my tenant was without hot water and they needed to finish the job and he responded saying his techs won't respond and are busy. I asked a time they would arrive to fix and he still hasn't answered.

I guess now that I've paid I don't matter anymore. Experiences like this are truly frustrating and makes a good experience go bad very quickly.; Really good company and trustworthy! I discovered an issue with my toilets and they were promt with my questions and provided great work.  They got the job done. Thank you Johnny and the Second Gentleman that helped with the job! Hire these guys to do your plumbing; Very professional and quick! Would highly recommend! Added a Moen shutoff valve and did a great job.; I wanted to thank Hi Tech Plumbing Services for their courteous and professional service. The technician ( I think his name is Sam) who installed my new tankless water heater was clean on his work and arrived on time. I appreciate their efficient work.; Stop! Read this!
Do not look for another plumber. If you reading this then you found your guy. Husen is super knowledgeable and can source parts faster than every other vendor. His communication before, during, and after a job leaves you confident that he knows his stuff. Happy to recommend this company for their outstanding effort and urgency when our condo lost hot water to a bunch of units."
ChIJUdoG2gev9oMRR7MGWUm898o,Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing Services,"2936 Peppertree Ln, Costa Mesa, CA 92626, United States",5,69,,N/A,"Joseph helped resolve a plumbing clog in our upstairs bathroom. Definitely went the extra mile to get the job done. Great guy and very professional. Definitely recommend him for your plumbing needs.; This is the second time we have used Joseph… He does outstanding work. Had a very difficult drain situation and he was able to find a creative solution to finally get it resolved. Appreciate his dedication to fixing the situation correctly and will definitely use again!; As somebody who runs a small business myself, I greatly appreciate somebody like Joseph at Newport Mesa Drains. He is honest and down to earth. He does business the right way.  His 5 star rating is legit. Support this local small business, you won’t regret it.; Thank you, NMD for the great work you did today in my bathroom. I appreciate your  attention to detail, nice personality, price, cleanliness and hard work. My sink now looks beautiful thanks to everything you did and thank you for being on time as promised!; Cannot say enough great things about Joseph over at Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing! We contacted Newport-Mesa regarding a toilet leak. Joseph arrived on time and quickly started working on our issue. After replacing our wax seals and resetting our toilets, he went above and beyond adding some additional caulk/sealant around our shower as an additional preventative measure. Joseph is a wealth of knowledge and I highly recommend Newport-Mesa Drains & Plumbing and will be using them again in the future!"
ChIJ64tbk4GWwoAR4X21LudzP8E,Rooter Master Plumbing Services,"12004 Vose St, North Hollywood, CA 91605, United States",4.7,38,,N/A,"Abraham is such a nice and honest person to deal with. This is the 2nd time I have used him and both times he has offered me competitive pricing and quick and efficient services. 100% recommend doing business with Rooter Master in North Hollywood.; Abraham is awesome,
He showed up on time and did a hydro jet and snaked both clean out. Now my drain are free from grease and whatever else was clogging them.

Thanks; I was referred by a friend heard a lot of  excellent compliments on his works so I gave him a try. Let me tell you, he Abraham completely exceeded my expectations. Even after completing the task he called and followed up to see if everything was ok. I highly recommend him and his prices are well less than average.; Abraham with Rooter Master arrived within a few hours and was so thorough & helpful. He found the root of our plumbing issues quickly & explained everything in detail to me and went out of his way to communicate the entire visit with my landlord. Thank you! 10/10; I'm a property manager for a apartment building in NOHO. I called Abraham and was quoted $150 to snake and run a camera through my courtyard drain to find out why the drain continues to clog. There also was a possibility for more work re-routing the drain line. Abraham comes out as scheduled, runs the snake and camera through the lines, goes over it with me and at the end asks about payment. I told him to send me the photos and videos along with the invoice and I will send all information to accounting to get a check cut. He emailed me photos proving the he was here doing the work along with the invoice, but no camera footage from snaking the line. Starting the day after, he began persistently texting me, calling me, emailing me about payment. I told him we're a corporation and payments need to go through our accounting office so give it time to process so we can cut a check. 48 hours later from the day of service I receive an email from him threatening to put a mechanics lien on the property for non-payment. In my 17 years of being in the Real Estate Business, I have never experienced a vendor so unprofessional. I tried calling to reason with him, also asking for the video of the surveillance we never received and he continued with the threats, yelling saying that we were trying not to pay him for his work and if we wanted to pay him by check we needed to be a part of some sort of vendor program with his company. I told him that if I would have known that when I initially called we wouldn't be having this problem, but he never told me that. He says he won't give us the camera surveillance that we bargained for until we pay him. Highly advise to run the other direction and find another vendor."
ChIJrx-0JN3AwoAR6daci8NnYco,John's Plumbing & Drain Services,"3847 Brunswick Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90039, United States",4.9,222,,N/A,"Excellent service, they came pretty quickly on a Saturday evening. Victor was very nice and quick gave great advice. They were able to quote me over the phone, they quoted me less than half of what other plumbers were quoting me because others were charging an after hours fee. After the job was done the price they quoted on the phone was what I paid.

They said theyre open 24/7. I would hire them again.; I had a great experience with John’s Plumbing & Drain Services. They were able to schedule an appointment for the very next day, which I greatly appreciated.

The technician arrived right on time and was incredibly professional.

The customer service from the office staff was excellent as well—they were friendly and kept me informed throughout the process. I felt valued as a customer.

I highly recommend John’s Plumbing & Drain Services for their prompt service and excellent workmanship. I’ll definitely be calling them for any future plumbing needs.; John’s Plumbing came the same day I called. They waited until the baby woke from a nap so he wasn’t woken up then did the job quickly. They cleared a toilet drain pipe. Pricing was reasonable and the receptionist/office was quick and courteous. I’m giving 5 stars.; I recently had the pleasure of using John’s Plumbing for a plumbing issue at my home, and I was thoroughly impressed with the entire experience. From start to finish, the service was exceptional.

A special shout-out to Susan from the dispatch team. She was incredibly helpful, courteous, and efficient in scheduling my appointment. Her professionalism set the tone for the rest of the service.

The plumber who came to my home was punctual, knowledgeable, and fixed the issue quickly. He explained what was wrong and what needed to be done in a way that was easy to understand, which I greatly appreciated.

Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the service provided by John’s plumbing. They exceeded my expectations, and I will definitely be using them for any future plumbing needs. Highly recommend!; I had an urgent plumbing issue with a clogged toilet on a Sunday night, and Vic was a lifesaver! He showed up promptly at 9pm, exactly when I needed him the most. He was professional, efficient, and took care of the problem quickly. I was impressed by his dedication and willingness to help outside of regular hours. If you’re looking for a reliable plumber who goes above and beyond, I highly recommend Vic! Thank you for saving the day!"
ChIJnT585Ljc3IAR3dL3YzDtwNs,Pristine Plumbing Inc,"16 Technology Dr #141, Irvine, CA 92618, United States",4.9,1669,,N/A,"Had an issue with Mixet cartridge and decided to convert to Moen. Plumber Layon was punctual, clean, professional and thorough in his work. He also cleaned up afterwards. I could tell he was a professional  plumber--well trained. Two thumbs way up👍👍.   **Side note: It is a bit pricey but as they say, "" You get what you pay for..."" and I got the best👌; Called Pristine Plumbing due to their outstanding online ratings and they had someone out the same day. Elias did an amazing job installing an angled gas ball valve for my gas dryer so I could close the W/D closet doors in our new home. And we talked food so I got great recommendations for Mexican fare. Outstanding and wonderfully personable experience. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!; Daniel fixed our faucet/filtered water spigot issue quickly and cleanly. The work was thorough, with Daniel troubleshooting the space issues that the configuration of our sink and filtration rig created to provide a robust and workable solution.

Daniel also provided some maintenance on our bathroom sinks and a shower drain, in addition to the good work he was initially engaged to do.

Very grateful for his efforts here, and for the team at Pristine. A pleasant experience overall. Definitely would recommend, and call again if we ever need a plumber.; I recently had Pristine Plumbing do plumbing work at my house, and I couldn’t be more satisfied with their service. Andy, the technician assigned to my job, was nothing short of outstanding. From start to finish, his professionalism and expertise were evident.

Andy provided clear, accurate explanations for everything he was doing, which not only demonstrated his deep knowledge but also made me feel completely at ease about the work being performed. His thorough approach ensured that the installation was done flawlessly. He even cleaned up thoroughly before leaving, which was a testament to his respect for my home and his dedication to quality.

Overall, my experience with Pristine Plumbing and Andy was exceptional. I highly recommend them for anyone in need of reliable and top-notch plumbing services.; I called pristine plumbing and was able to get a tech out the same day. My shower/tub handle had lost its grip and the screw was stripped. It was determined I needed to swap out the cartridge. After determining the cartridge type, Todd the tech, gave me quotes and informed me of the type of shutoff valves I have at my house, as it is an older property. He was able to get the correct valve and install it the following day at a time of my convenience. He was very polite, personable, and professional. He even answered questions I had about other plumbing related things and gave me quotes if I wanted to get more work done. My new shower/tub handle and cartridge work perfectly. 10/10 recommend this company !!"
ChIJya_Xuyzav2URl_74gIPr68Q,PPS - Public Plumbing Services,"831 E 1st St, Azusa, CA 91702, United States",5,5,,N/A,"PPS, Help me with my old leaking water heater. He was very easy to talk to and professional. There prices were very reasonable and there water heaters are good quality. I highly recommend PPS Public Plumbing Services to anyone.; He was pleasant and professional. We always use PPs plumbing because they are that Meticulous. This was the second time Richard has helped us. Hes great friendly,professional and explains things well and cleans after each job.  Thank you PPs plumbing  for a great experience.; Had an issue with sewage backing up into my bathtub. Just from telling this information they already knew the cause of the issue. Upon arriving to my home the plumber greeted me and told me the cause of my problems. After completing the job, he made sure everything was clean and smelling good. Will definitely call back anytime I have an issue with my plumbing.; Their team is prompt, efficient, and skilled in handling a range of plumbing issues, they do maintenance & complex repairs. Customer service is excellent, very friendly staff who are always willing to offer advice and solutions. Their pricing is fair, and they ensure the work is completed to standard. PPS is a trustworthy choice for anyone in need of plumbing services.; "
ChIJc4bJDVG7woARGcaqkGcYYe0,Pacific Plumbing Team,"3747 Kelton Ave Suite 6, Los Angeles, CA 90034, United States",4.9,125,,N/A,"Cannot recommend these guys more highly! Super professional. Clear, responsive and proactive communication. Top-notch work done really efficiently. Pricing is fair and reasonable. Had a 100% positive experience working with Arthur on some rough plumbing in a master bath remodel. Will definitely be using this company again.; I had a problem with my hot water at home, and I was waiting for the guests coming. Pacific Plumbing Team came really quickly and replaced two water heaters on the same day for a reasonable price! They even checked my main sewer line with a camera, and it was also super fast. These plumbers know what they do. Big thanks to Paul and Dima!; Pacific Plumbing Team are the guys I always call.  I do maintenance work for large homes in west LA so I rely on excellent service providers.  Arthur always gets the work done and over delivers.
5 stars for my guys at Pacific Plumbing all day every day.; Beautiful work from a very polite and professional team. So thrilled, and happy with the execution. Thanks so much; What a great experience with Pacific plumbing company! They were so quick and professional. They will be the plumbing company I call when I need someone urgently! I have recommended them to my friends, family, and other fellow business owners. Please do your self a service and call Paul when you need a reliable plumber!!"
ChIJmaHI8crPwoARk2xZnXO-xGI,A-1 Total Service Plumbing,"640 S Atlantic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90022, United States",4.9,1034,,N/A,"Nate and his crew Daniel, Rubin and Kevin were amazing!  From Nancy who took my original call and Alvin the supervisor I was impressed with their professionalism.  They dealt with me and coordinated with my tenants to get the job done.  It was no small job either.  They had to dig several feet down and under the foundation to the main sewer line.  They left it like nothing had been touched.  I So appreciate all their hard work.  I’d use A-1 again in a heartbeat!; Jackie went right at the issue. Our “Badger 100 1/3” disposal unit fell off a hinge this morning. The manufacturer isn’t open until Monday. Jackie came over on a same-day call on a Sunday, much appreciated!

Customer service was excellent on the phone. I asked for a quote if I sent an image over, she said no per Company standards. Okay, no problem, just need estimate $ so I can compare time ✅ and cost 👎🏼

The negative part was this cost me out-of-pocket $150, versus another company who was going to charge $50 just to evaluate AND do the job at that price if I waited another hour. Cost-wise: not fully recommended; timeliness and customer service: highly recommended.

I expected somewhere around $70-$90, but DEFINITELY not $150.; Rudy was absolutely skilled, professional, friendly and neat. Let the area cleaner than what it was before he showed up. I used this plumbing service before and will continue to use them at my house and I highly recommend them.; Rudy’s performance was thumbs up. He had only one thing on his mind when he arrived at my place to solve the problem. He didn’t waste one second of my time he was polite, very friendly found the problem gave me some options that were looking out for my wallet, Mr. BAIRES, Got the job done along with another person from your A1 who was professional and helped out , great job and even gave me a year  A warranty guarantee for a whole year so if something goes wrong, I just give them a call and it’s done for free. Couldn’t ask for anything better.; John and Adrian are simply the best!! John was courteous, knowledgable and skilled. He first camera scoped our pipes, which no other company has done and showed us exactly the problem. Adrian and John promptly fixed our clogged pipes. We highly recommend them and A-1 Total Service Plumbing."
ChIJm0D_wWvHwoAR7NpakxVYyXA,Red Lilly Plumbing,"1647 Beverly Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90026, United States",4.6,157,,N/A,"We used Red Lilly Plumbing. We worked with Nelson and Ruben. Real professionals and nice work. See before and after photos.; Fantastic service!
Those guys are super fast and very cost effective, friendly and professional.
Seriously blown away by this lever of awesome service right here in LA.
I dealt with quite a few plumbing services since I became homeowner Red Lilly Plumbing is 10 star service!; Ozzy and crew from Red Lilly are great,  reasonably priced and excellent service. I had an issue with both my kitchen faucet and shower valve leaking, Ozzy came out the same day and fixed both problems , I will definitely keep using them as my plumbers for now on..; Painless. Ask for Mike, he’s been there since 2007. He came within a few hours of the request, knew what the problem was right away, gave a quote to replace the seal while also warning that the plastic component had a tendency of breaking during removal and gave a quote for that in the event it happened, which it didn’t. Overall, super satisfied and thrilled to find a new and awesome plumbing company for any future needs.; I am very pleased with the replacement of the Water Pressure Regulator Valve (PRV) installed by Ruben at my family rental property in LA.  The workmanship was excellent.  Ruben and Charles explained that due to the city water pressure of 120 psi, the original PRV likely failed because it was a builder grade that contained plastic parts.  Ruben  installed a superior quality, dual piston PRV that does not contain any plastic components.  I will definitely use Red Lilly Plumbing for future plumbing repairs and upgrades.."
ChIJ4-qRRm3Y3IARjH9tJZCCQ1Y,Orange Coast Plumbing,"1506 Clinton St, Santa Ana, CA 92703, United States",4.9,1095,,N/A,"We found our new plumber! They were very easy to talk to and helped me out when I gave them very short notice. They fixed a difficult issue, found the best price possible, and did it ONE DAY. Tom helped me and went above and beyond. You can tell these guys really care. It looks amazing! Thank you again. I’m lucky to have found you guys!; I am extremely happy and grateful for the service I received for my tankless water heater. It’s been difficult to find a company willing to do maintenance and repair but they were great! Rock was professional, efficient, friendly and knowledgeable. I appreciate him and his work very much!; Henry & Jeff were great!! They were thorough, honest and discussed in detail what they found to be our plumbing problem and how to best fix it. I never felt pushed or pressured to proceed. In addition, they were overall very friendly and professional. I would highly recommend their services!; As a Property Manager for many years I have worked with many vendors. Orange Coast has always been the top notch company to call any time for any job but nights emergency pipe burst under a 1915 historical home in Orange reminded me of the value of using responsible, skilled technicians. They could not access the leak thru the flooded basement last night but first thing this morning Nolan and Tommy began sleuthing, preparing, then completing multiple repairs over 8 hours both under the house and outside the house. They did an excellent job and left the home beat and tidy. Now to complete the drying out and the home will be better then, well, 108 years old. Thank you for your good service!; Josh was super helpful. He's the man! I was changing out my shower cartridge. Half broke off inside. Orange Coast Pluming sent him within hours. He fixed it in no time. He also gave me some insight to pluming issues. Thank you. Very grateful for his help."
ChIJ4XVtR0s33YAR8lkrAyX_-yQ,Plumbing Service Solutions - San Pedro Ca,"222 W 6th St #400, San Pedro, CA 90731, United States",5,161,,N/A,"Contacted this company to assess complicated plumbing and sump pump system. Incredibly knowledgeable about all the questions I asked. Encouraged me to reach out if I had any further questions at a later date.

Very patient and kind. Will definitely be calling them in the future. Rami could not have been more helpful. Highly recommend.; One of our faucets stopped working and our toilet has been filling slowly for a while now. Rami from Plumbing Service Solutions came and determined we just need to clean the aerator and said the toilet isn’t wasting water. He said he could change the pump if we wanted but there’s no need. We appreciated that he wasn’t trying to sell on us on things we didn’t really need. There was no charge for the house call. We bought the key that he recommended to extract the aerator and easily fixed it ourselves today. We will definitely be using Plumbing Service Solutions again for any plumbing needs.; Rami and his team have been coming to our rescue for the past several years.   My sister originally used him when their water heater went rogue.  She had such a great experience, we just had to give him a call.   Rami is professional, personable, efficient and reliable.    His work is good, he keeps up on new technology and makes recommendations without being pushy.     If you are having issues with your  plumbing and you want an honest estimate from my a skilled professional, you need to give him a call.; This company replaced all of the fresh and gray water lines and fixtures in my 1940s house.  They have encountered every possible problem and found ways to fix each one in the most cost effective and timely way possible.  It is wonderful to deal with folks that do a good job at a fair price.  Plus, they have a great sense of humor which is a real bonus when you take on a challenging house like this one.; As a real estate agent in the South Bay, Rami and his team at PSS has been my go-to referral for any plumbing services our clients need. Rami is not only professional, he's excellent at what he does, responsive, punctual, and very easy to get along with. Our team only refers vendors we TRUST and I always recommend him with confidence. No, I don't get anything out of it other than knowing my clients are well taken care of. If you need plumbing services, don't hesitate to call Rami."
ChIJ00N0yUIr3YARei4HmUWgZwc,"Graham Plumbing and Drain Cleaning, Inc.","272 Gemini Ave, Brea, CA 92821, United States",4.8,242,,N/A,"I recently had a great experience with Graham Plumbing.

From the initial call with Regan to the technician Julio performing the work, everything was handled professionally and efficiently.

Regan was very helpful and communicated clearly, keeping me in the loop throughout the process.

Julio was punctual, professional, and took care of the plumbing issues with great care.

The fact that they accommodated a weekend service call to ensure my tenants were not inconvenienced was truly appreciated.

I highly recommend Graham Plumbing for their excellent service and dedication to customer satisfaction!; We needed a new faucet installed in our kitchen and we had a pleasure of meeting Julio. He did a great job and was very professional. He concentrated on his job and completed it in a short time. I could not have asked for a better person installing my new kitchen faucet.

will refer Graham Pluming to any of my friends to fix their pluming issue. Julio knew exactly what needed to be done.

Price of the work was reasonable for the job well done; Had issue w/tankless water heater.  Technician Julio was professional, knowledgeable, respectful and just a very pleasant person.  We will use Graham Plumbing again!; I have been using Graham plumbing now for about a year and a half and everything that they have done for us has been the best workmanship I have seen. I run the facilities and maintenance department for a large aerospace company with over 200,000 sq ft in 3 buildings so having a reliable plumbing service provider is essential.; Julio Ramos was extremely professional  and handled my water tank problem quickly while explaining the entire problem to me.  I appreciate his expertise.   judy k."
ChIJ8QSemy4y3YARwwDJiQ2NODs,Beach Plumbing,"3450 E Spring St UNIT 114, Long Beach, CA 90806, United States",4.8,60,,N/A,"I'm not a big reviewer but felt it was necessary to shout out good work when it's done well! The Beach plumbing team just completed a pretty extensive job at my new property and they couldn't have been more lovely to work with.

Edwin did our initial inspection and estimate and worked with us to ensure we were getting everything we needed at a fair price. The team who worked on the house (Robert, Richard, and K) were amazing. So communicative, courteous, and willing to go the extra mile to get the job done (starting on time each day, and even staying late).

Given our scope of work I'm hopeful we won't need plumbing services for quite a while, but Beach Plumbing would be my first choice in vendors for any future jobs!; Wow! I don't normally leave reviews, but I HAD to this time. We called to have our disposal replaced & they literally came NEXT DAY! The plumber they sent was the NICEST GUY! So Polite & Respectful! & Super Efficient. He cleaned up after himself & made sure that the under sink area was perfect. I'm just so impressed. Highly Recommend!!; The squad just finished a huge job and actually blown away by the team.

People with amazing social skills, promptness, hard working. Feels like a rare combo in the trades industry.

Edwin was our project manager and initial inspector. He was great in answering questions for a week after the initial estimate and a huge reason we chose Beach Plumbing.  Price was right in the middle of some other quotes we got but felt most comfortable with Beach.

Robert, Richard, and K were the 3 working on our house I believe — and they grinded long days to finish as early as possible for us.  I mostly only spoke with Robert who was just as awesome as Edwin.; I recently had an urgent gas leak issue at my property, prompting the city to shut off our gas supply. In a state of urgency, we reached out to Beach Plumbing, and their response time was outstanding. Within just a couple of hours, they had scheduled an appointment for us.

When Edwin from Beach Plumbing arrived at our house, his promptness and professionalism were immediately apparent. He conducted a thorough inspection to detect the gas leaks, and his attention to detail was commendable. Edwin's dedication to providing top-notch customer service truly stood out. Not only did he address the issue efficiently, but he also went above and beyond our expectations.

His depth of knowledge and friendly demeanor made the entire experience smooth and stress-free. Edwin's commitment to excellence deserves special recognition, and if there were a button to give Beach Plumbing 10 stars, he and the company would certainly deserve it.

Overall, I highly recommend Beach Plumbing for their exceptional service, and Edwin, in particular, for his outstanding professionalism and dedication to customer satisfaction.; The most pleasant on-site plumbing consultation/estimate I’ve ever experienced. Matthew showed up on time, and was so personable and polite. He intently listened to my concerns and patiently answered all my questions. His explanations were so thorough and thoughtful. Though the estimate provided was a bit higher than others, I had no doubt this was because of the quality of workmanship going into the project as well as the guarantee you’d be well cared for as their client both during and after the project was completed. Thanks Matthew, I will definitely keep Beach Plumbing in mind for future projects."
ChIJI8jLugmXwoARF66cEXETyn0,24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services inc,"7359 Kester Ave #2, Van Nuys, CA 91405, United States",5,102,,N/A,"24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc. is amazing! We called on a Friday night for our toilet issue emergency and George arrived as fast as he can. George was great! He helped us fix our toilet in a calm manner, and even educated us on how to prevent these problems in the future. Overall, solid job, no complaints. This will be my go-to plumbing service for sure!; George from 24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc was very helpful. He was knowledgable and he teaches and shares his ideas so we can do it on our own next time. He saved us from a stressful situation on a Friday night. I highly recommend him! Thank you George!; I would like to commend and say thank you to the one and only George of 24/7 Rescue Plumbing Services Inc. I called him Friday night for an emergency in our toilet and he comes within 30 minutes as committed. He is really amazing and knowledgeable as he found the source of the issue right away and fixed it. Highly recommend! Thanks a lot George!🙏🙏🙏; George was amazing. Responded immediately. Fixed our drain issue as well as our dishwasher issue in the process! Polite, super reasonable, just an absolute blessing. Will definitely use again!; I mean, drain  pipe was  clogged up on Saturday morning. I searched on plumbers near me 24/7 Jorge answer the phone right away within an hour. He was at my house diagnosed the problem everything working again

Very professional quick good communicator all around highly recommended."
ChIJcwvu5yoz3YARX47wp8Vw31k,Mr. Rooter Plumbing of Long Beach,"2650 70th St, Long Beach, CA 90805, United States",4.9,988,,N/A,"Brian L was amazing and made our experience smooth sailing! He was able to answer all questions (big or small), and talk things down to a language I understood! Brian was very approachable and was able to finish in a timely manner. Will definitely use this company again if needed!; I have used Mr. Rooter for several years and the technicians has always been nice & friendly. Mr. Albert Rodriguez/technician has serviced my house twice within a 2 wk period.  He was very friendly and knowledgeable about plumbing and my situation in general. I will recommend Mr. Rooter and technician Mr Rodriguez to anyone who needs plumbing work done.; My service technician was Christian Carroll.  He was wonderful, punctual and professional. I appreciate the extra time he took to help solve my plumbing problem and was patient enough to explain it to me in layman terms. He provided me a reasonable rate for the service and got the job done in under an hour!  Would definitely call on him again for any future plumbing issues; We had a main water replaced (big job) and Andy was very thorough atlooking a the various options given us options to minimizing any brick or concrete work.  He was great about explaining all the details and changes that were necessary to complete the job.  Recommend Mr. Rooter; The folks at Mr. Rooter are knowledgeable, efficient and friendly. What I especially appreciate is their effective method of communication. I was contacted the day of their service to confirm the time of arrival, and the plumber arrived right on time. Also, I was emailed my invoice as promised. I highly recommend."
ChIJY2bYbHqIwoARp3c9O_5tD10,"A-Team Plumbing Services, Inc.","11142 Fleetwood St Unit 9, Sun Valley, CA 91352, United States",4.8,44,,N/A,"I just found A Team in Yelp and spoke with Robert (owner) who was very professional and reasonable. I had a kitchen sink drain strainer replaced and they (Robert and his nephew) did a quick and terrific job.  From this experience, I am planning on using Robert and his company for future plumbing work.  Highly recommended!; Thank you once again for your excellent work. The new faucet works perfectly. Robert is highly professional and reliable. A-Team Plumbing Services is my plumbing trouble savior!; Wonderful experience! From the timeliness of the first correspondence to the professionalism of the service, I am satisfied and would recommend this company. Thank you so much for your efficiency in fixing our kitchen sink blockage!; Absolutely fantastic service! They were so incredibly quick to come out to look at my tub and shower issue and the problem was fixed quickly and at a great price. I highly recommend them and as I told them I will now have them on speed dial!; Super professional and quick to respond. I had an underground gas leak from my grill gas line that ran under my yard and porch. Not only did they dig everything up and replace the line, they put everything back into place like it never happened! I was impressed by how efficient they were. They are clearly very experienced and professional. I'll be using them for all my plumbing needs from here on out."
ChIJVVWxGsnL3IARoYCirZjA0rg,Preferred Plumbing and Rooter Services,"2300 S Reservoir St Suite 109, Pomona, CA 91766, United States",4.9,128,,N/A,"I used Preferred Plumbing for a major rooting issue when the sewer line clogged up and flooded the toilets and bathtubs of my house. David received my call and was in my house within hours solving the issue. A month and a half later, another clog occurred downstream near the city main sewer line and I called up David. Free of charge, he quickly came within half an hour and resolved the congestion. I really felt he went above and beyond and walked me through all the issues. He's great, you should give them a call if you have similar issues.; woke up to find a water leak on the side of my house. I called David and he shot straight over from his current job. He was able to identify the problem and solved it in less than 30 minutes. Friendly and great customer service, this is my second time using Preferred Plumbing. Thank you David.; So glad I called these guys! David was awesome. They were able to come out same day on a weekend, fixed a clogged pipe that’s been giving us issues, and were very thorough, honest, and extremely friendly! Definitely recommend :); Thank you for coming in to our office to fix our toilet at AME Builders office. Services was great and quick. Highly recommend them for plumbing services.; If you need Plumbing services we highly recommend Preferred Plumbing. Spoke to David over the phone and he also took time out of his day to come to our home. Technician Ivan S. came out and was extremely professional and did outstanding work in installing a new water pressure regulator in our home. Ivan also sealed an old gas line inside the wall. He finally installed a new garbage disposal. All the work was done in a professional manner. Once again we thank David and Ivan for their fantastic customer service."
ChIJa_UYnkBL3YAR--qrplNTYI4,Plumbing Service Solutions - Harbor City,"25843 Frampton Ave, Harbor City, CA 90710, United States",5,104,,N/A,"From the first call to end product was terrific. I had hot and cold wtr lines in a small area in the ceiling replaced. They were able to see me the following day and had given me a good price over phone. Julie and Cesar were arrived early and very very professional. Completed the job timely and cleaned area nice. Will use this company again; Everyone we dealt with were professional, courteous and nice.  Every thing was laid out in the itemized invoice, the costs were very reasonable and they were on time.  I will be using them again for my next plumbing job.; I could not be more grateful to Rami and his crew at Plumbing Service Solutions. What seemed like a lost cause wound up having a very happy ending. My wedding ring and a family heirloom accidentally got flushed down the toilet. It was a very difficult job but he was determined to retrieve them from what seemed like an impossible situation. Thank you, thank you, thank you Rami and crew. You have my highest recommendation!; Rami is beyond amazing!  He is the epitome of professional and honest.  I can't recommend him highly enough.  One of the things I appreciate most is he does what he says and there are no surprise charges.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!; Jr and Caesar were professional, knowledgeable and so nice. They were able to fix everything (had multiple issues) quickly and efficiently. Would highly recommend!"
ChIJVbykbi25woAR42p0YAKCtUg,Roto-Rooter Plumbing & Water Cleanup,"554 S San Vicente Blvd Ste 208, Los Angeles, CA 90048, United States",4.8,756,,N/A,"As a long-time customer of Roto-Rooter, I’ve always trusted your company to provide honest and reliable service, but my recent experience has completely shattered that trust.

Technician Fernando provided an outrageous estimate of $15,000 for a plumbing repair that turned out to be a very simple fix. He didn’t even attempt to undo the faucet to properly assess the situation. Instead, it is clear that he was attempting to take advantage of me as a female homeowner by providing a grossly inflated and fraudulent estimate. After seeking a second opinion, the issue was resolved quickly for less than a fraction of the price quoted by Fernando.

This experience has left me feeling both disappointed and taken advantage of. I expected better from a company I’ve relied on for years. Unfortunately, I will no longer be using your services moving forward.; Ignacio was extremely helpful and easy to work with throughout the process. Ignacio was punctual, consistently showing up on time, and provided a range of options to ensure the work met my needs.; Manny was a great technician. I texted him last minute about a plumbing issue and he showed up that same day within 45min. The service was quick and easy and he made sure to explain everything clearly to me. I highly recommend Roto-Rooter for any plumbing and pipe issue with mainline and clogs. I was very happy with the customer service, speedy response time, and will surely use this company in the future.; Called the same day and had someone there within two hours.
But when you call, ask for Jonathan Lopez. If you don’t ask for him then what are you doing? Haha
Came right away with a great attitude and got everything done so quick.
10/10 will definitely call back in the future; Joe was great. He was early, started on time, took care of the issues without a hassle, took time to explain to me exactly what the issue were, the recommendations.   Very professional and thorough, extremely satisfied"
ChIJga-puju_woAR5-cU1I_GxM4,Pacific Plumbing Services Inc.,"1620 Wilcox Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90028, United States",5,38,,N/A,"We needed leaking pipe repairs last Tuesday, so we phoned Velvet Plumbing. They scheduled me for Thursday, and their promised plumber showed up. Now that a new pipe has been set and fitted flawlessly, everything is operating at its best. I appreciate how quickly you responded. Really grateful that everything was completed so fast. Would highly suggest this company.; A week ago, Velvet Plumbing responded immediately to my request. The plumber they sent is a well-rounded guy and took the job seriously. The clogged toilet repair was only finished within an hour, and I'm glad that he was able to do it effectively. Indeed, a remarkable and excellent experience. Kudos and more power!; Amazing WORK! I like to commend Velvet Plumbing because not only do they provide me a stellar service but reasonably charge as well for the repair of my water line. Thanks a lot! I was very impressed with the quality of service!; There was a root problem in the common six-inch line going to the street sewer.  We called a local plumber, who cleaned out the roots and proposed a pipe lining solution to prevent further root problems.  The pipe lining solution seemed risky and high priced, so we did not pursue that.

We recently became aware of the trench-less sewer line replacement process that uses pipe bursting to pull continuous heavy polyethylene pipe into the space previously occupied by the old pipe.  Shortly after that, two of our neighbors hired Greg to replace their side sewers.  We got to see Greg perform the pipe-bursting process, and we were impressed by the process and their expertise.  The price also seemed very reasonable.

We hired Greg to do our job.   For some time I had been worried about how to do it and how much it would cost, but his method seemed like the solution.  Our job had some significant challenges that he handled with minimal complication.  He quickly solved problems that probably would have stopped people with less experience.  During the work, we were without sewer only a few hours at a time, and we always had a temporary connection most of the day and all night.  We now have a new side sewer that is better and more durable than the old concrete one.  We are completely satisfied with the quality and value of what we received, and we learned a lot.  Our experience was very consistent with all of the positive reviews on this site.; Thomas from Pacific Plumbing Services did a fantastic job installing our new water heater. We highly recommend their services."
ChIJN-TAwCq7woARyMEKu2UtfSQ,Roto-Rooter Plumbing & Water Cleanup,"12240 Venice Blvd. Ste 24A, Los Angeles, CA 90066, United States",4.8,255,,N/A,"Derrick Morales is the best.  Went above and beyond to help diagnose the issues and stayed late to insure all issues were resolved.  Highly recommended and very pleased with professional service and effort.  A++; They arrived on time and did a competent 4 star job. My biggest issue is that they are extremely costly. To router my sink they want to change $495. When asked how long it would take, I was told only 30 minutes at the most. When asked if there were any materials or parts involved, they said there was none.

Do you believe that $495 is a reasonable price for thirty minutes of work. If you assume calculating travel time the price is at the very least $200/ hour.; I had a fantastic experience with Roto-Rooter! From the moment I booked an appt, their customer service was professional, responsive, and friendly. The technician ( Nacho ) arrived promptly, diagnosed the issue quickly, and explained everything clearly. He was incredibly efficient, knowledgeable, and respectful of my home, leaving everything clean and tidy after the work was done. I really appreciated how he took the time to answer my questions and ensure everything was functioning perfectly before he left. I highly recommend Roto-Rooter for any plumbing needs—reliable, fast, and excellent service!""; Ignacio arrived to our home within the hour. We were losing quite a bit of water with the toilet flushing every 10-15 minutes.   He was able to find the cause and repair it quickly and neatly.  I would recommend Roto Rooter when you are having plumbing issues.  Thank you; I needed help with my hot water heater. They sent Ignacio to check it out. He was  knowledgeable, had a great demeanor and very professional. He resolved my issue within a short period and verified that it worked properly."
ChIJNSlLCrXW3IARDHPw2MBUTsE,Barker and Sons Plumbing & Rooter,"3900 E Miraloma Ave, Anaheim, CA 92806, United States",4.8,3034,,N/A,"Have called Barker and Sons multiple times to help deal with plumbing issues at our 1960s residence. They had the best price, service, and response / project time when it came to getting things fixed. We’ve done a complete repipe of the house, had to redo the sewer line to one side of the house, and regular maintenance repair. Each time has been a great experience working with the guys at Barker - especially Peter and Benito.; Our shower had a worsening leak. After several trips to Home Depot looking for parts with no luck due to the age of our shower. We gave and called a professional. I was surprised to see the technician Orlando on our door step within an hour on a Sunday.

He didn’t have the parts needed to fix the old valve and recommended a full replacement. He gave a reasonable estimate and made an appointment to return in the morning between 9 and 10. He arrived on time. With everything he needed. He was done in a few hours. Orlando did a professional job and left no mess for us to clean up.

Orlando had a great personality was very knowledgeable and explained the whole process in very clean terms.

Thank you for a great job.

10 out of 10

5 stars; I have never worked with a more professional and knowledgeable and experienced team and company. From the moment I called to even a follow up question days after the work was completed. Joshua was beyond professional and knowledgeable in the work that needed to be done from the test results he ran. Garrett as well was very helpful it getting information to us on what he found with the camera. I never felt like I was a bother or that my emergency was just another job. I am beyond grateful for Joshua Garret and the Barker and Sons team.; Corey was awesome with great attention to detail. He came out and solved my toilet issues quickly and for a good price. I would definitely use again. They were very responsive and quick to come out!; I recently had an outstanding experience with Barker and Sons Plumbing & Rooter thanks to their incredible technicians, Julian and Zach! From the moment they arrived, their professionalism and expertise were evident. They quickly assessed the issue and explained the necessary repairs in a way that was easy to understand and offered competitive pricing. Julian and Zach worked efficiently ensuring everything was done right the first time. They took the time to answer all my questions and I truly appreciated their attention to detail and commitment to customer satisfaction. I highly recommend Barker and Sons Plumbing & Rooter—if you need plumbing help, these are the guys to call!"
ChIJrfB8G7q_woARXtWHiV3Y5nM,Highland Plumbing,"1501 E Alameda Ave, Burbank, CA 91501, United States",5,37,,N/A,"Our tanked water heater was 20 years old and it was time to replace it. After doing some research I settled on a Navien tankless water heater.  Their website listed Highland Plumbing as an installer and after reading some reviews I reached out to David.

The whole process was easy.  We scheduled a site visit and he promptly provided me with a quote, and information of what I would need to do before install. (install an outdoor plug) We schedule an installation date and he showed up, and got the job done rather quickly. (5ish hours)

After install he took the time to explain the system to me and walk me through the features.

I highly recommend Highland Plumbing.; David is awesome! We needed a water filtration system installed under our kitchen sink and a new faucet. David was prompt in responses and getting the job done. Very pleasant personality.  Cleans up afterward and handled the disposal of the previous parts. A few months later, we invited him back to install our new sink and reroute the garbage disposal. Another great job done! We weren’t surprised. Our kitchen is now complete thanks to his services. I’m not sure why you’re still reading this review…just call and book him already! Honestly, you won’t be disappointed!!; I had Highland Plumbing install a tankless water heater in my Burbank home, and they were awesome. The team showed up on time, explained everything clearly, and got the job done quickly. They were super professional and left everything clean. The new heater works great, and their follow-up to check if everything was okay was a nice touch. If you need plumbing work, especially a tankless water heater, I totally recommend Highland Plumbing!; Amazing service, David has never let me down. Best quality work and fair prices. Highly recommend!; David is a fantastic plumber and has helped me with a number of projects - big and small. He is timely, friendly & smart. He helped us several days in a row and was available to text / call through any follow up issues we were having. I am extremely grateful for his service and definitely recommend him for any jobs you may need his expertise."
ChIJW3wL832bwoARHntyQhQY5Lc,Titan Brother's Plumbing & Rooter Services,"21201 Chase St, Canoga Park, CA 91304, United States",4.8,183,,N/A,"I just had a water shut off valve installed a toilet leak fixed and water line leak repaired by technicians Manny and Jose Of Titan Brothers. All i can say is that they were both incredible. Good people, professional, hardworking and knowledgeable about their jobs. Manny was understanding of my situation and called to see if he could get me a better price which he did and i very much appreciate that. That does not usually happen these days. I'm new here in California and I'm glad I found Titan and these two guys for my plumbing needs. Thank you; Giovanni was amazing and got the job done quickly and efficiently. So happy to have found a trustworthy plumber in Los Angeles!; Moses was a very knowledgeable & professional. He snaked an cleared out kitchen drain with recommendations of keeping a clear drain thereafter. I like how he made sure to cover all of my floors an cleaned up afterwards! I will definitely use Titan Bros in the future as well as referring them to Family & Friends!; Disappointed with Manny and the girl the phone. It seemed okay at first, as I all I needed was my cleanouts done. Slow drains in the sinks (I had just had the plumbing redone & have 2 new large cleanouts in my front yard). He told me he couldn't do the work because I needed the pipe to my clean out redone???LOL I pulled up the photos of what was done here by 2 other companies to show him. And then he began saying that he needed to do the hydro jet for $450??? He had the camera in there on the tiny screen & was putting it against the pipe so we cannot see anything. He said it was corrosion. Dishonest and puzzling. When I called the office, she spoke for a few seconds and I was cut off. No one called me back. I had a coupon for them and thought I would take my chances.; I had a slow kitchen drain, I called Titan Brothers at 8am and the young lady was very pleasant and professional. She said the technician would be able to be at my home between 1200 and 1pm the same day,
which was great . Giovanni and Chava
arrived at 1255 . I explained the issue and they immediate went to work.Both of them were very friendly, professional and knowledgeable. They fixed the problem quickly, 15 to 20 minutes. Advised me of options to prevent further issues, which I appreciated. I would suggest if you have a plumbing issue call Titan Brothers. You will save time $ and aggravation. Kudos to all at Titan

Thank you
Steve"
ChIJZ05mpqrpwoARFQRBUAhp9UU,Best Plumbing Services,"1198-1042, Lavender Ln, La Cañada Flintridge, CA 91011, United States",4.9,43,,N/A,"Arthur was awesome and did a great job doing my sewer line replacement needs. He went above and beyond to make sure all of my questions were answered and took the time to explain everything. The price was more reasonable than I expected. Could not be happier with the overall result. Many thanks!; My home's leaking pipe was expertly fixed by Best Plumbing Services. They were quick to react, did a comprehensive situation assessment, and carried out the repair with professionalism and accuracy. Before departing, the polite technician made sure everything was clean and in working order. Their service has really impressed me, and I would not hesitate to suggest Best Plumbing Services for any plumbing requirements.; Plumber La Cañada Flintridge did an exceptional job with my water heater replacement needs. All of their employees are ultimately considerate and reliable when it comes to this kind of work. Their plumber Adrian was very detailed, efficient, and professional throughout the whole service.; I have now found the best plumbing company in Los Angeles. Your skilled plumber, Fernando, was very friendly and an expert in doing my water heater replacement needs yesterday. The whole process was explained to me clearly and was very effortless and hassle-free. Thank you!; My experience with Plumber La Cañada Flintridge from start to finish is mind-blowing. The plumber was very insightful thoughtful, and professional throughout the repair of my leaking faucets. It was really great working with honest people. Highly recommended!"
ChIJx_aDJ0-6woARdsSAzj7k_VQ,New Pro Plumbing,"11356 Charnock Rd, Los Angeles, CA 90066, United States",4.7,51,,N/A,"I can't say enough good things about Miguel from New Pro Plumbing! He really saved me in a pinch. I called him around 5:30pm on a Friday with an emergency - a major water pipe leak in my building. Miguel showed up within an hour, even on such short notice, and handled the problem efficiently and professionally. He fixed the leak completely and even offered to come back the following week to patch the wall at no extra cost!

Not only did he do fantastic work, but Miguel was also incredibly kind and easy to work with. It's rare to find someone who's so responsive and thorough, especially in an emergency. If you need a trustworthy and skilled plumber, Miguel is the one to call!; Miguel from Pro Plumbing was terrific. He accommodated my schedule, when he got tied up on the job before me called to let me know he would be late and he did an excellent job once he arrived.  He did little extra things that he didn’t even charge for.  Pro Plumbing gets 10 out of 5 stars…I will be using them again for my next plumbing needs.; Miguel is a gem of a technician. He’s punctual, honest and forthcoming with all the repairs and suggestions. I am so happy with the service provided and will recommend him to every person who needs a plumber.; Called New Pro Plumbing when my drain clogged up and was overflowing with black sediment - Miguel came on the Friday evening before Memorial Day within 2 hrs of calling. He fixed everything and the whole experience was very well managed and easy from my end. Thank you!; Miguel from New Pro Plumbing is my go-to plumber, and I highly recommend him. Most recently he replaced my vintage, very problematic toilet with a new, modern one in record time. Before that, he the prepped the laundry area for a new dryer. He also brought in a tile installer when I needed  to upgrade my shower. He is always courteous, reliable in an emergency,, and even offers senior discounts."
ChIJveM17le5woARsFOuO1A4_8k,Ray Loyas Plumbing,"7711 Brunache St, Downey, CA 90242, United States",4.8,53,,N/A,"Hired Ray for a small job to install water lines in my garage for a washer dryer. Connect from existing lines 2feet away and install a drain. He said it would take 2 days but it lasted 5 1/2 days. He was at my house till 3 am on the final day. Insanity. The work was subpar and messy. 2 weeks later the pipes leaked and he refused to fix it. Ignored my calls and texts. I had to pay another plumber to fix his sloppy work and the leak. I also overpaid Ray accidentally $200 and he did not return the overpayment. I was not going to leave a bad review till he ignored the leak at my house and didn’t come to fix his mistakes. I was fooled by the positive reviews. Beware.; I am a very satisfied customer. Ray went above and beyond of what was expected. I Had issues with pump, it was clogged and so dirty. He came and cleaned it all up, got it up and running again. He even cleaned my backyard. Very nice person and he explained thoroughly all the work and gave good advice on plumbing. Quality work for a reasonable price!  We will definitely be calling him again for our plumbing needs.  Thank you.; I’m incredibly happy with the Ray Loya skills and professionalism! Ray assessed the issue with gas leaked efficiently, and their expertise was evident as he fixed the problem and verified that everything was right,and not only did he resolve the issue, but he also took the time to explain what went wrong and offered valuable tips to prevent future occurrences. I'll definitely be recommending Ray Loya plumbing to anyone. Thank you for the great job!; Ray came as an emergency service and worked until the late night until the the leak was repaired. He had to dig our front yard but made sure it was exactly what it looked like before he dug up the dirt. Did a great job and I would highly recommend Ray to anyone. I now have a dependable plumber that I will use in the future.; Ray came to my Dad""s house in a pinch when we had an emergency with a valve leaking lots of water.  We had to turn off the mainline and I couldn't keep it off for a long time because my parents are senior citizens and obviously need water.  He came,  troubleshot the problem, and did the repair efficiently. Not only is he a nice guy, he walks you through the issue, and tells you how he will fix it. His service fee was more than reasonable. I highly recommend Ray!"
ChIJTxyfkRfR3IARjZpQJkxhuDU,J's Plumbing,"5130 E La Palma Ave, Anaheim, CA 92807, United States",5,202,,N/A,"The day before I was leaving for a cruise I found a leak in my main water line.  My neighbor had used J’s and highly recommended him.  I called them, explained I would not be home to pay them or be present when they began the work.  I pre authorized a dollar amount and they came and quickly  fixed the issue.  They had to dig out from my water box to the leak, replacing some cooper pipe and a joint.  I was so grateful that they worked with me while I was gone.  The thought that I was losing all that water was a real stresser.  Anyhow, I recommend J’s and his wonderful wife.  We will be using them for our water softener replacement and any other plumbing related issues in the future.  Thanks again!; I just got my water heater replaced by J's plumbing. From my first call to the final installation, the experience couldn't have been better. They arrived on time and the job was done in a professional manner. I found their pricing very reasonable - not the lowest but considerably less than other big name plumber company. I would highly recommend them for any future work.; Helped me out quick and easy to repair my water heater at my restaurant. He seems knowledgeable about many different systems, and can give you a straightforward solution. Thank you sir!; Jeff and his team always show up on time and do a professional job, from diagnosing to clean up you don’t even know they are there.  I highly recommend J’s plumbing for all your plumbing needs.  They have been my go to for several years; Jays Plumbing is extremely reliable and trust worthy. They respond quickly and I never feel like Im being oversold or overcharged. Both my husband and myself use Jays for our businesses."
ChIJAQAAABCUwoARxsLQl74hYAk,Rooter Guard: 24 Hour Plumbing & Drain Services,"11633 Tuxford St, Sun Valley, CA 91352, United States",4.5,202,,N/A,"Vic came out within a hour of my call.  From beginning to end Vic and his crew were great.  Very professional and when job was done they made sure to clean everything up.  Andreas the supervisor was here several times to discuss each step.  Vic and Andreas were so good about explaining everything we had questions about.   Highly recommend Vic and Andreas from Rooter Guard.; Johnny and Andy were great! We had a complicated problem: stopped up sewer because of tree roots along with 50 year old cast iron pipes. They had to install a clean out at the blockage, repair a  broken pipe and then clear the tree roots with hydrojet. Everything’s running smoothly now! These guys are such hard workers and so good-natured. They were upfront about everything and the price was fair. We highly recommend this team!; Had an emergency on a Saturday morning.  Called Rooter Guard (found them in a google search).  They had someone out in 2 hours.  They tried every option to address the problem over the next two days but ultimately had to replace the main line.  Throughout they were clear and up front about the situation, about our options, and about the cost at every step.  Sewer main line repairs are never cheap, but I felt throughout I was getting honest and reliable information and that the cost was entirely fair given the scope of the work they had to do and the frame in which they did it.  I am impressed and would highly recommend them.; Rooter Guard came to fix a prior contractor's work on our sewer line. It was a very big job but the did it within a week and were very professional throughout the job. Shoutout to Oscar who was on site every day and made sure the work was good. They didn't cut any corners, Mike their supervisor and the guys on site kept me updated every day on what they found and their progress, and left the site clean when they left. They were great during a very difficult week for our family. Highly recommended!; The people were all very nice, but they never seemed to carry all of the equipment on their trucks, so someone else had to come out. Finally when the problem was located, they wouldn't snake it, saying we needed to tear up the driveway and replace the pipes. I had a local plumber come out and snake it, and we're fine. The bummer is, I'm out $2,380 for their diagnosis! Rooter Guard claimed that it was a collapsed pipe, but my plumber said that it was just grease and calcium build up. So glad that I didn't follow through with their suggested $4,500 ""solution!"" Be careful about their expensive solutions!"
ChIJm17VNK-RwoAReHX2hJ92JgM,LA Plumbing Services,"8628 Van Nuys Blvd 2nd Floor, Panorama City, CA 91402, United States",5,3,,N/A,"Jose is a great plumber and problem solver. He has completed 9 projects for me and does a great job! If there is a problem with something he always comes back and fixes the problem. He gets the project done in a timely manner and always wants to make his clients happy. Thank you Jose, great job!; Jose is awesome! He was able to fix my leaky shower pipe that is located in a tight space under the house. So happy that he didn’t have to break the bathroom tiles to get to the pipe. Jose is friendly and pleasant. Highly recommended.; Very good workers, responsible and fair prices"
ChIJnVWe0w8t3YARmhwmBZX9jGY,911 Plumbing Services Hawaiian Gardens,"11900 E Carson St, Hawaiian Gardens, CA 90716, United States",5,1,,N/A,"Finding and repairing a blockage into the drain line was not only exceptional service from these plumbers but a crucial solution to the drains to give a long-lasting life. Besides, this was a bespoke solution customized to my requirements. I am deeply grateful to the thoughtful drain cleaning team and service staff."
ChIJu2hI-XKZwoARhKc3S8TD-Wk,Local Service Pro Plumbing,"18740 W Oxnard St #309, Tarzana, CA 91356, United States",4.5,246,,N/A,"I had a hot water tank leak that was flooding my garage. Local Service Pro Plumbing to the rescue. This was by far the best experience I could ask for. There team is amazing starting with excellent communications to perfect timing of the technicians arrival. It was late in the day when Gabriel arrived and diagnosed the issue immediate, the unit had to be replaced (I knew that). He gave me a quote that was under what a previous plumber had quoted me by $900.00 for the exact same work. The best part of my experience was - He replaced the unit the same day, even though it was after 4:30pm. I totally did not expect that. If your looking for a 5 star Plumbing company look no further LSP Services are the best.; Local Service Pro did a great job fixing our kitchen sink. Thank you for the great service. I'd highly recommend to anyone else.; Called Local Service Pro Plumbing for a couple issues that needed fixing and was able to book an appointment for the next day.  Gabriel came out and was absolutely fantastic.  Did a great job diagnosing my various issues and was able to take care of them fully within an hour or two.  He was incredibly friendly and very informative about what was going on.  I'm already working with them to help me out on a couple additional projects I have and am very grateful to have found these folks.  10/10 would recommend.  Prices are incredibly fair as well.

Thank you Gabriel!!; I don't ever leave reviews but this has been stewing for a few weeks.  I had this company come out to look and hopefully unclog my bathtub drain.  They couldn't figure out the issue and proceeded to give me an estimate for re-piping the house for over $6k and asked me if I wanted to proceed with the re-piping?  Meanwhile for some reason dropping profanities in my house in front of my kids.  Left my house in disarray.  Bathroom was a mess.  Dirt, dust everywhere.  Left the craw space wide open after he left. Called the phone number and said someone would get back to me and never did.  The person on the phone, in my amazement, said it's really not there responsibility to clean after themselves.  $150 for what?  To come out and give me an estimate to re-pipe my house.

One week later, called another company.  Walked in with booties, did the work and fixed the issue in 15 minutes for $90.  Cleaned up the mess that he made and left.  VERY PROFESSIONAL.  Reading some other reviews, it sounds a little like mine.; I found this company online while i needed a plumber on a Sunday because we had a really bad leak coming from the ceiling. The guy who answered the phone was very well informed and explained everything very well. The plumber came to our house on time and was also very nice. He was able to fix the leak within a few hours and the price was really fair. OVERALL, I WOULD DEFINITELY USE THOS COMPANY AGAIN."
ChIJsVEJ_o3W3IARc5cbaueX1SI,"Platinum Plumbing Services, Co | Emergency Plumber in Orange County","1345 N Red Gum St #1, Anaheim, CA 92806, United States",4.8,20,,N/A,"Quick, friendly, clean and priced right. I won’t use or trust anyone else. Had Casey out to change our PRV!  You can trust these guys- they were a referral from my buddy!; I walked into my garage a few days ago and found a puddle of water that appeared to be coming from the water heater. A friend had recommended Platinum Plumbing so I gave them a shot and I'm so glad I did. Jim was able to come to my home in Tustin the same day, explained the problem along with the solution, and replaced the water heater on the spot. The whole process was quick and painless. Jim was professional and kept the area clean while he worked. I highly recommend Platinum Plumbing!; Platinum Plumbing is fantastic. They arrive on time, give honest estimates and do high quality work. I've used them to replace a leaking toilet seal and a second time to fix a pipe leak in the wall. Both times they came out, they fixed the problem quickly and left the areas cleaner than when they arrived. I wouldn't use any other plumber.; Jim was a real pleasure to work with, he got his team over to my house right away.   We were having issues with the sink leaking and water spilling all over the kitchen.   It was already getting late but I called anyway and they were able to get over and get it fixed right away.   My roommates and I were happy we could finally do the dishes and landlord was glad there was no water damage.  I would highly recommend Platinum Plumbing to anyone in Orange County, CA who needs a good plumber.; I have used Platinum Plumbing for a few of the problems that we had in our building.
The technicians are top quality and very helpful. Jim; aside from being on top of all the work that is needed, he keeps me updated if there are any problem that he sees for future issues. His estimates are always free and he sticks to those estimates.
He installed a eye wash set up from my employees and he not only made sure it was what I wanted but made sure that after installation was done that I was happy with my choice.
He is the best!!!!!"
ChIJ3QWLjvQow4AR-GXlU87BDCk,Daley Plumbing,"971 N Grand Ave, Covina, CA 91724, United States",5,135,,N/A,"Jim is everything that you need in a plumber. He is honest, reliable, and responsive.  He completes the job efficiently.  I had a leaking upstairs toilet and he fixed the problem quickly and also fixed other problems I did not know I had.  I highly recommend him for any plumbing needs.; I really appreciate the honesty and integrity of Jim from Daley Plumbing. I've utilized Daley Plumbing services in the past, and Jim did a great job back then and was reasonable and fair in his estimate, so I was happy to call him again when I needed help with a leaky faucet and a clogged sink before moving out of my condo. Jim checked everything efficiently and thoroughly, going the extra mile to provide helpful maintenance tips. I plan to continue using his services at my new home. I highly recommend Jim at Daley Plumbing for their integrity and excellent work. 5+ stars all the way.; AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING - I highly recommend this individual - it is hard to find a plumber you can trust but Jim is definitely that individual. He was recommended to me by a friend who also loved his work and I now recommend him to you - give him a call - you will not be disappointed. Great work, timely, great personality, and trustworthy. Five stars!; Jim was informative, professional, and quick to fix my shower issue. Jim identified the issue and was able to get the part replacement and installed in 30 minutes. He let me watch him will doing all the work while he explained a few things. If you are in a rush to get some plumbing done I can't recommend Jim enough.; Jim was fast, professional, and gave a high-quality service for a great price. He communicated well and did exactly what I asked perfectly. My toilet seat bolts had rusted so I was unable to install a bidet. Jim was able to cut the bolts off and replace them easily.

Highly recommend!"
ChIJ4Tm3S8vXwoARJdAUonWk9f4,Plumbing services in LA - Nolasco Plumbing Inc,"13073 Francisquito Ave, Baldwin Park, CA 91706, United States",5,20,,N/A,"I highly recommend this company! Juan has been out to our place several times. They are well qualified and honest. They have done great work in commercial business for us as well as residential.  I completely trust this company when they come out.; Francisco was quick to fix and solve the plumbing problems we had been experiencing for quite some time.  He was respectful and helpful.  I will definitely call Nolasco Plumbing again for my future plumbing needs!  Thank you Francisco!; I called Nolasco Plumbing after regular business hours and Juan came and unclogged the main sewer line. Thank you Juan.; Luigi is very professional, he was on time  and is a very nice guy. I recomend Nolasco plumbing; Very impressed with thus crew .Quality work .aThey knocked it out of the ball park.
Thanks for a job well done.
HIGHY RECOMEND?"
ChIJ1e5RYLc13YAR5F3WdlHB9D8,Armando's Plumbing Services,"20317 Annalee Ave, Carson, CA 90746, United States",5,4,,N/A,"Armando and his crew always do a good job and clean up after the job is done. We’ve been using him for 4 years now and he’s never let us down.  Their communication is excellent and prices are fair. I highly recommend giving them a shot.; I had Armando replace my broken water heater back in January 2023, he offered the best warranty for the unit and labor compared to the competition.  Last week, 13 months after the new unit was installed, the water heater broke down unexpected.  Probably a defective unit, but a well known brand.  Armando went above and beyond to complete the job on the scheduled date even through it was getting late.  He honored all the terms of the warranty and was onsite to replace the unit the next business day.  Amazing customer service!  Thank you!!!!; Armando and his wife are prompt. I have used them twice and have been very satisfied with their services.; Armando is the best. Very professional and fair prices. I use him for all my properties and highly recommend him. I love that I can 100% trust his work. You will not be disappointed"
ChIJJ_EbXCudwoAR1OCqocPxVZg,Edwins Plumbing Services,"8700 Reseda Blvd # 104, Northridge, CA 91324, United States",5,16,,N/A,". Their professional attitude and hardworking ethic continues to impressed me. The job was carried out promptly and efficient. The job is completed swiftly and we are very pleased with the affordable price for their service. Its great to know people who possess genuine knowledge and exceptional problem solving skills.; Thank you for the  Drain Repair and cleaning all the mess. I appreciate your excellent service I will hire again if needed and recommend you  to my neighbors once again. Thank you; Edwin is fantastic, he is reliable, responsive and does great work.; It is always great working with Edwin.; Good work and honest and experienced workers"
ChIJVe4koeiNSYgRQrBIUoum83s,Omega Plumbing Services of Irvine,"4605 Barranca Pkwy, Irvine, CA 92604, United States",5,1,,N/A,
ChIJJzpPNk3VJyIRWcsT4YJEk9Q,"Prestige Plumbing Services, Inc","221 N 3rd St #604, Burbank, CA 91502, United States",5,5,,N/A,"We had a slow water leak under the kitchen sink cabinet. A few neighbors recommended Prestige Plumbing so I called Robert. His brother Richard showed up within 2 hours, carefully examined the leak and discussed with Robert. They told me that the leak was likely under the slab and they did not have the detection equipment and suggested that I found another company that had the equipment. They did not charge anything even though Richard drove 25 minutes one way from Encino. As Robert (on the phone) and Richard sounded quite straightforward, a week later when we needed to replace the water main valve, I called Robert and asked for a quote. Sure enough the price Robert gave was only 60% of what another firm quoted (and with multiple  discounts). Both brothers showed up on time and finished the job nice and clean.
We had an old house, and had used quite a few plumbing companies over the years, unfortunately it is quite rare these days to find one that is competent, honest and not greedy. Highly recommended Robert and Richard!; I recently had an issue with a leaky shower, and I'm so glad I called this plumber for help. They arrived on time, were extremely professional, and explained what needed to be done in a way that was easy to understand. The repair was completed efficiently, and the work area was left spotless afterward. The shower has been working perfectly since, with no more leaks. I really appreciated their attention to detail and the straightforward pricing. Highly recommend for any plumbing needs.
Got to give a high five to Robert and Richard.; Repair requested at 8:45am on a Friday. These guys showed up about 11:10am and performed a difficult repair in a little more than an hour, saving me from a weekend of hassle. Thanks guys. I highly recommend Prestige Plumbing Services, Inc.; Fantastic and thorough. Went beyond without charging to find the sewer issue and used his camera. Sent by American Home Shield for second opinion. Will never request anyone else.; Richard was great. Friendly and professional! Great company. A+"
ChIJJVs6hC403YARuNy_IHy0XNw,Drain For Less Rooter and Plumbing Services,"1406 E L St, Wilmington, CA 90744, United States",5,3,,N/A,I had main drain backup in both bathrooms. I called at 6pm talked to Jorge and he was able to come right away. Arrived by 6:30pm very friendly and professional and fixed my problem very Thankful; Reasonable prices.  Mom has use plumber  for years; 
ChIJGSBc3K-PwoARA0tNUXyAm8c,SUTHERN PLUMBING SERVICES,"13700 Foothill Blvd Unit#920866, Sylmar, CA 91392, United States",5,1,,N/A,I called Suthern Plumbing for an emergency call as we had a blockage in our sewer line and David was able to get to my house within 30 minutes to fix the issue. Great customer service and was quick about resolving the issue at such a reasonable price! I will definitely be using Suthern Plumbing again! Thanks!
ChIJSYQIAWQ33YARbRKknG_x24o,Big League Plumbing & Rooter Inc,"1861 N Gaffey St Suite C, San Pedro, CA 90731, United States",4.9,56,,N/A,"Second time working with Big League Plumbing, and they continue to impress. They are extremely professional, communicate well, and work hard to get the job done efficiently and with a high standard of quality. Special thanks to Kevin for staying late on a Friday afternoon to finish installing the regulator on my main line so I could have my water on over the weekend.; Big League did a phenomenal job replacing my main sewer line.

My property has been modified several times over the last hundred years, but Hector (the owner) personally came out to diagnose my convoluted plumbing system and plan the best replacement strategy.

A special thanks to Jimmy, Luis, Danny, and Victor for working hard and smart so that I only went without plumbing for less than 24 hours, to Tiffany in the office for always keeping me in the loop about the status of the project, and to Hector for making the city permit process pain-free.

I will definitely be calling Big League for all my future plumbing needs.; We have now had reason to use Big League twice and have been more than satisfied both times. They showed up quickly, fixed the problems efficiently and as quoted. Their techs are friendly and explain what the problem is and how they are going to solve it. We highly recommend Big League Plumbing.; I had a great experience with Adrian and Daniel V who helped fix a pipe leak on my kitchen ceiling. The job was not trivial due to the location of the pipes, but Adrian and Daniel managed to solve the problem with confidence. They are honest and charge you a fair price for the work. I had other popular plumbers in the area wanting to charge 5x more for the work. I'm glad I went with Big League Plumbing.; Big league plumbing is truly “ major league”. I called for an emergency and they were there within hours. Mario and Lalo were efficient and professional. The pricing was very reasonable. I would highly recommend them for any plumbing services."
