place_id,name,formatted_address,rating,user_ratings_total,opening_hours,website,reviews
ChIJVTcxbjba3IARWeoJ7DobTEQ,Do It Right Plumbers,"2284 Glassell St, Orange, CA 92865",4.8,1269,,N/A,"The crew was very courteous and professional.
Prior to start of job proper estimates were given for my approval.
Once approved he did a good job on time. I will highly recommend him and his company to all customers.; ️I had an outstanding experience with Brendon. He not only fixed the issue we called him for, but he also went out of his way to check other potential problems and ensure everything was working perfectly before leaving. His attention to detail and thoroughness were impressive. On top of that, his pricing was more than fair, and he clearly values providing excellent service at a great price. He was punctual, professional, and genuinely committed to doing quality work. I highly recommend Brendon for anyone in need of a reliable, trustworthy plumber!; Dimitri came out to diagnose our situation, and we decided to install a new water softener. Christian installed and did a fantastic job, extremely professional, worked quickly, and it looked good quality. Thank you so much, we’re really looking forward to enjoying our Novo!; I am so thrilled with the service we received from Do it Right Plumbers. Derek did an outstanding job and has fabulous customer service skills. He explained everything in detail about getting our new kitchen faucet. We asked if we could buy the actual faucet through them and he said yes and showed us a lot of options. It also came with a lifetime warranty. You can’t beat that! The installation looks beautiful. Thank you for outstanding customer service. We will definitely recommend Do it Right Plumbers to our friends.; Do it right plumbers, don't trust them. They installed a water softer for me and it worked for a couple of months. They were not able to fix the unit. After four months waiting for them to respond and remove the unit they refused. I never received a written warranty as promised. Be warned about this company !"
ChIJpV-x8TuRwoAR7uLmQnagixY,Most Valuable Plumber,"20338 Corisco St, Chatsworth, CA 91311",4.6,327,,N/A,"Sebastian came out from MVP plumbing and did an awesome job. He was well mannered and well dressed. Kind and courteous. Got the sink drain fixed and main thing that others don’t do is he cleaned up wiped down the sink and everything he touched. He cleaned and left everything spotless. Would recommend again and again. And this was the best and lowest rate out of the companies I called for quotes. I hope they keep this rate in this economy for us and if you do go with MVP again ask for Sebastian.; We had a bad smell in the bathroom.  My wife called MVP while I was out of town.  Manny climbed under the house and took a video,(attached).  He said there was sewage everywhere and it was a mess.  They would have to dig out 2 to 3 feet and on the other side of the foundation wall.  Big job.  It would be $5500.

He came back the next day and went to the store, bought parts and fixed everything in 4 hours and 15 minutes.

There was water damage from the bathtub they told my wife about.  So she called a Restoration company.  They were surprised at the repair amount.

I went under and videoed the repairs 6 hours later.  They did replace some abs pipe about 6 feet, and dug out nothing.

I called several Plumbers for other opinions.  I sent them both videos.
""Absolutely ridiculous... 0 digging..you can clearly see new section of pipe connected to existing pipe into ground...
Call bbb
Give them a bad review because they are thieves!!""

I agree and will be calling the BBB.  Videos below

Clarabel has since called me.  She assured me there would be NO CHARGES! She apologized for the whole ordeal.

This is a WOMEN OWNED business.  Remember always get other bids and experts before you spend!; Sebastian came out right on time very Professional, very Courteous, very knowledgeable! Would give him a five star with customer service and fixing the problem. He was amazing thank you Sebastian. Appreciate all your help. It was a pleasure during business with MVP.
Robin; BEWARE of MVP Plumbing's bait-and-switch tactics. I called them for their $33 drain-clearing offer, but the technician said he couldn’t access the clean-out. Instead, he claimed I needed an entire plumbing redo under my sink with a new clean-out for $2,500–$3,000. He then inspected my (non-leaking) drain line and quoted $15,000–$17,000 for a re-drain! This unnecessary inspection cost me $100. The manager even tried to convince me these major repairs were essential.

Thankfully, I got a second opinion from a local, family-run plumber with 23 years of experience. He resolved the issue by snaking the drain from the sink in 20 minutes—for $200 with a 30-day guarantee. With the holidays coming, I'm relieved I avoided MVP Plumbing's upsell and kept my budget intact. I recommend sticking with small, honest local companies that won’t pressure you into unneeded, costly repairs.; Expert work and service. Great bedside manner. Flexible with pricing on big jobs. They did a full replacement of our ancient clay pipe sewer line and worked quickly to get it done with a great warranty as well. Recommend."
ChIJX4lcZms9ygYRoaABiznlHZM,Most Valuable Plumber,"171 S Anita Dr Suite 215, Orange, CA 92868",4.9,126,,N/A,"Our experience with Most Valuable Plumbing in Orange, CA was very professional. Our technician Sebastian was extremely knowledgeable and quick to resolve our plumbing issues. Both bathrooms had flooded due to backed up toilets and caused water damage. From the beginning Sebastian and his crew promptly got to work and finished very quickly. MVP provider a FREE quote and honored a senior discount. For the scope of work their pricing was fair. They also offer financing if needed. I highly recommend using MVP for your plumbing needs in Orange County or Los Angeles. Lastly, they offer 24/7 emergency service so don't wait if you're experiencing a plumbing issue anytime of the day or night. Thank you again!; The guys were amazing something I thought was a clogged toilet and a bath ended up being more serious but they made me feel confident enough to go through it all and they were genuinely good people. Thank you; Carlos was such an amazing plumber he fixed our issues so quick and had a great energy and personality. He provided a very great service highly recommended service to all. He was professional, on time, very clean and nothing like any other plumber the price was amazing unlike other plumbers that charge a heavy fee and do a delayed job; Paul Gonzalez came out immediately and solved our kitchen drain issue in less than 30 minutes. He was honest and extremely professional. Highly recommend !!!!! Great prices too!!!; Definitely recommend this company. Paul came out on a Sunday to clear a clog in our bathroom pipes. We have a very old home that we took over 3 years ago. We knew the plumming would have to be redone but didn't know our options. Paul took the time to discuss options with pricing. He was very nice, informative and not pushy at all."
ChIJE5dafUWHwoARu9hskREU_EE,Most Valuable Plumber,"22924 Lyons Ave UNIT 208, Santa Clarita, CA 91321",4.9,46,,N/A,"MVP plumbing is the best in the valley. Gabriel did a great job helping us out. We needed several things done at our home and he provided excellent service. We got our toilets serviced, new shower heads installed,  and even checked out our pipes down below. MVP plumbing offers great services with great pricing options. If you’re in need of plumbing service hurry up and give them a call.; Angel, Rob and Ignacio from MVP Plumbing did a great job diagnosing and repairing the broken sewage line in our front yard. Angel came to help us out on a Sunday afternoon within an hour of our emergency call and then returned early the  next day to complete the work. The team was  thorough , neat and easy to communicate with and the job was done for a reasonable price. We are very happy to recommend them!; Reached out to Most Valuable Plumber when i had a plumbing issue with my 1955 home.  I still had original cast iron pipes and they had narrowed from corrosion and were starting to cause serious drainage problems.  MVP came out and they were able to get my system up and running again.  Had them come out the next day to dig out and replace all of the horizontal metal sewage pipes (no opening walls for vertical pipes / vents).  They finished the entire project in 1 day.  They were clean, efficient, friendly, and fast albeit a tiny bit expensive.  Would recommend and hire them again; The MVP plumber [forgot his name] was efficient and he got the drain cleared quickly. Well, he looked at final test flushes, and was not satisfied. He decided the plugged drainage line needed more work. It did take him a little bit of elbow grease to get the drained cleared to his satisfaction and everything has worked well since.. And bonus, he discussed alternative things we could do to mitigate our toilet system clogging problem. Good job.; Franco was on time. He was very neat and had all the tools necessary for the job.  He completed the job in a good amount of tie.  Good communicator.  Left the job and my house very clean.  He is respectful and courteous.  Thank you Franco!
My only complaint, too expensive!"
ChIJEx3ajUnHwoARNPvhDKcA-BA,GR Plumbing,"1233 Hyperion Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90029",4.8,95,,N/A,"We thank GR Pluming Gonsalo and his professional team to save our restaurant’s nightmare plumbing problems. We used to have very frequent clogging issues to a point we could not clear the pipe any more. We called GR Pluming for emergency help. Gonsalo contacted me in a few minutes after I contacted their office to schedule an appointment to come over to check. He showed up as he was scheduled. We thought our pipes were just filled up with heavy grease and oil, however we learned we had more serious plumbing issues (main and other sewer lines needs to be replaced) then we thought from Gonsalo’s inspections. Although Gonsalo knew it was challenging to fix it, he worked with us and found the best solutions for us. At the same time, his team are well-trained and very professional. They have professional plumbing equipments, including but not limited to different size of sewer line cameras and high power Hydro Jetting.

I highly recommend Gonsalo and his team for any professional plumbing work. They are very knowledgeable in their line of work. Again, Thank you so much for this professional team to make our nightmare plumbing issues go away.; To who it may concern,
To start, there is no moss under this teams feet. When they start, there is a whole team non-stop working until the job is done.
Plus, at the end of the day we had all water and waste line services up and running.
Even though they changed out almost all the complete water  and waste lines in our house.
They site protected and plastic off the entire area of work and then patch and plastered the holes after plumbing replacement was complete.
Highly recommend GR plumbing and their team to do your plumbing and rooter needs.
JHS and PAE; I had a plumbing issue and had several plumbers over for an estimate and no one was able figure it out. I got recommended to Gonzalo from a friend of mine and he was able to figure out my plumbing issue  saved me money and did an excellent job.. Honest Great service and excellent work! I highly recommend Gonzalo.; GR Plumbing's plumber was not only skilled but also courteous. He fixed our water line and even provided helpful maintenance tips. I am extremely satisfied!; Absolutely recommend!
I had to replace my sewer line.
GR used the most up to date technology, replied quickly to all inquiries, scheduled and completed service in a timely manner, without skimping on quality!
As a woman, I am often cautious of being taken advantage of when it comes to home repairs. GR plumbing put my mind at ease with a detailed inspection and quote! They completed the job and left my property as it was before the project! Fair prices and exceptional service!
The team was amazing!"
ChIJcwvu5yoz3YARX47wp8Vw31k,Mr. Rooter Plumbing of Long Beach,"2650 70th St, Long Beach, CA 90805",4.9,989,,N/A,"Brian L was amazing and made our experience smooth sailing! He was able to answer all questions (big or small), and talk things down to a language I understood! Brian was very approachable and was able to finish in a timely manner. Will definitely use this company again if needed!; I have used Mr. Rooter for several years and the technicians has always been nice & friendly. Mr. Albert Rodriguez/technician has serviced my house twice within a 2 wk period.  He was very friendly and knowledgeable about plumbing and my situation in general. I will recommend Mr. Rooter and technician Mr Rodriguez to anyone who needs plumbing work done.; My service technician was Christian Carroll.  He was wonderful, punctual and professional. I appreciate the extra time he took to help solve my plumbing problem and was patient enough to explain it to me in layman terms. He provided me a reasonable rate for the service and got the job done in under an hour!  Would definitely call on him again for any future plumbing issues; We had a main water replaced (big job) and Andy was very thorough atlooking a the various options given us options to minimizing any brick or concrete work.  He was great about explaining all the details and changes that were necessary to complete the job.  Recommend Mr. Rooter; The folks at Mr. Rooter are knowledgeable, efficient and friendly. What I especially appreciate is their effective method of communication. I was contacted the day of their service to confirm the time of arrival, and the plumber arrived right on time. Also, I was emailed my invoice as promised. I highly recommend."
ChIJ_x1Z5SZL3YARRFezK4H55GI,"LA Plumbing Company | Plumber in Torrance Redondo Beach, CA","609 Amapola Ave, Torrance, CA 90501",4.9,100,,N/A,"Best and fastest service I’ve never experienced. Thank you so much Brian. The pricing was good and most importantly the honesty and advice they provided without pushing me to fix everything that is not needed during an emergency leak. During the service, they showed us photos of the areas we cannot see to make sure we know where the damages and future potential damages are. After the service was complete, they made sure to clean every piece of the mess which is not common for most companies who do their job and leave the mess. Thank you guys for being the best!; The plumber who came within a few hours of my problem was knowledgeable about the sprinkler problem I was having. He fully diagnosed the problem and made proper recommendation for replacement equipment.; The technician is nice however we are not agree upon the price. Tech come in at the right schedule and 5 star for personallity!; Had a great experience with this company.  Brian and Marco did an excellent job.  I had a leak coming from the showerhead and needed a valve replaced.  They came promptly and got the job done.  Very reasonably priced, considering the work that needed to be done. Will definitely contact them for any future plumbing issues.; Reliable, our hot water problem was fixed fast. Very thankful of the service, recommended for sure."
ChIJbQIDcRzEwoARJ9hJIMzX1_U,New Generation Plumbing,"5113 N Figueroa St, Los Angeles, CA 90042",4.8,119,,N/A,"I have a tankless water heater that needed immediate Servicing.  After looking for a reliable company on yelp I decided on New Generation plumbing.  I put the call in at 6:30pm and it was answered quickly by Jake who set me up with a free estimate the next morning (they would have gone same day but I requested the morning).   With out having to reach out to confirm this morning, I had Fernando call me (ahead of schedule) that he was there.  He walked me through the work that would be needed as well as potential scenarios if original assessment needed further work.   Once he got the unit working he called me again to tell me what was done to it.   Also informed me of yearly maintenance that will be needed and would send me a reminder. Which I appreciate.  Price is reasonable, Will be using them again.   Overall very reliable, great customer service, will be using them again; My insurance company asked me to install an automatic gas shutoff valve. I began looking through yelp and found Martin at New Generation Plumbing! His price was the best and he could also do the job the next morning. He finished the job very quickly and it looks great! I highly encourage everyone to check out New Generation Plumbing (ask for Martin) as you will get great quality work at reasonable prices.; As homeowners, we dread when something goes wrong with our house … new generation and Fernando have made every experience so easy and stress free. Hes always available, responsive, listens to every concern … informative. Love this company and have recommended them to everyone in our neighborhood and will continue to do so. Thanks guys.; Jake and Jose were incredibly thorough and efficient. We had to replace old sewer lines and fix several other plumbing issues. Not only did they do a great job, but they also left our home as clean as possible while and after they worked. Highly recommend this team.; I have a tankless water heater that wasn't producing hot water. I called Fernando at New Generation and he came over and fixed a valve, but when it continued to not work (it was old) they very quickly installed a new heater. They were great to work with and clearly explained everything they were doing!"
ChIJNZH6GdIz3YARzBy_mPeuSas,"Pro Plumbers Inc Long Beach, CA","3819 N Los Coyotes Diagonal, Long Beach, CA 90808",4.9,95,,N/A,"Juan did an excellent job setting up our new Halo 5!  He’s a talented and hard working plumber.  Juan was more than willing to answer all my questions!  Pro Plumbers are really professionals.; We had a major gas leak that Frankie was diligent in diagnosing. He really worked with us on finding a solution that worked for us. He was efficient and so kind. We loved this experience and now sleep soundly at night.; Pro Plumbers responded for same day service to fix two plumbing issues.  Frankie Lomeli described the repairs, applied a veteran's discount to the estimate, and he and his assistant did the repairs.; I was very lucky to find this team of professionals who quickly identified the source of my outdoor leaking pipe and fixed the problem in no time. Everything that needed to be done was explained to me each step of the way, I would definitely recommend Pro Plumbers to anyone in need of prompt courteous knowledgeable service at a competitive price.; Abraham took great care! He is very professional and gave me a great service.

I had a new kitchen sink drain installed today. He is very polite and nice.
We will definitely ask him again for new services! I truly appreciate it!"
ChIJgyu63CfTwoARPtKnzTBcq-o,General Service Plumbing Whittier,"12726 Foxley Dr, Whittier, CA 90602",4.6,27,,N/A,"Service Plumbing is the best water heater repair in Whittier and is the best price out there. I am a retired plumber so I have used several different companies over the years, but Service Plumbing has always provided me with excellent service every time. When you hire a plumber they are trained to make sure everything is working properly and they are constantly checking to make sure it's working properly.; General Service Plumbing Whittier has always been one of my favorite plumbers in the area. They are reliable, efficient, and usually do a good job. When I had to get a water heater replaced, they were there in no time and did an excellent job.; General Service Plumbing Whittier is great! They do excellent work and my water heater has lasted 2 years. I always get a good estimate from them and they are very friendly.; I went to General Service Plumbing Whittier during my emergencies and the people at this company are very professional. I had a blocked drain and they were able to fix it for me. The team was also punctual, on-time, and did not take too long to fix my line. If you're looking for a plumber in Whittier, go no; I had an emergency broken water pipe in the middle evening and needed to repair the damage ASAP. I called several companies and they all wanted to send a technician the following day. After calling General Service Plumbing they sent a plumber immediately. He was able to diagnose the cause of the damage and gave me a great price. I was extremely satisfied with the professional service. I recommend them for anyone in need of any plumbing services."
ChIJq1z8ANHdwoARki29ENN8Gdo,Most Valuable Plumber,"171 N Altadena Dr Suite 270, Pasadena, CA 91107",4.9,20,,N/A,"Sebastian was so kind and professional. He was here quickly, showed up on time, helped us with our plumbing issue. Amazing service! I will definitely call this company again in the future. Thank you 🙏; Quick, fast, simple. Just gotta make the schedule, I had no issues and loved the service even though I had to run into work and my bf talked to him! Thanks Jorge!; My plumbing problem was handled quickly and efficiently.  Everything was explained thoroughly and all questions were answered.  He was courteous and professional. MVP was worth the money spent…; We needed a toilet unclogged on a Sunday.  MVP was the only plumber who had a technician available to help us.  Pasqual arrived and was very professional and courteous.  He immediately diagnosed the issue and used his auger to successfully unclog the toilet.  He also checked the water level and adjusted the flush strength.  On top of all that, he wore garbage bags over his legs since he did not have any booties with him.  It was a truly pleasant experience and the toilet is running great now.  It was well worth the
charge…and I was able to pay using Zelle.  We’ll keep this company in mind should we need plumbing assistance again.; Angel was amazing! Very knowledgeable and looked out for our best interest. Ultimately solved our issue with the upmost professionalism."
ChIJx_aDJ0-6woARdsSAzj7k_VQ,New Pro Plumbing,"11356 Charnock Rd, Los Angeles, CA 90066",4.7,51,,N/A,"I can't say enough good things about Miguel from New Pro Plumbing! He really saved me in a pinch. I called him around 5:30pm on a Friday with an emergency - a major water pipe leak in my building. Miguel showed up within an hour, even on such short notice, and handled the problem efficiently and professionally. He fixed the leak completely and even offered to come back the following week to patch the wall at no extra cost!

Not only did he do fantastic work, but Miguel was also incredibly kind and easy to work with. It's rare to find someone who's so responsive and thorough, especially in an emergency. If you need a trustworthy and skilled plumber, Miguel is the one to call!; Miguel from Pro Plumbing was terrific. He accommodated my schedule, when he got tied up on the job before me called to let me know he would be late and he did an excellent job once he arrived.  He did little extra things that he didn’t even charge for.  Pro Plumbing gets 10 out of 5 stars…I will be using them again for my next plumbing needs.; Miguel is a gem of a technician. He’s punctual, honest and forthcoming with all the repairs and suggestions. I am so happy with the service provided and will recommend him to every person who needs a plumber.; Called New Pro Plumbing when my drain clogged up and was overflowing with black sediment - Miguel came on the Friday evening before Memorial Day within 2 hrs of calling. He fixed everything and the whole experience was very well managed and easy from my end. Thank you!; Miguel from New Pro Plumbing is my go-to plumber, and I highly recommend him. Most recently he replaced my vintage, very problematic toilet with a new, modern one in record time. Before that, he the prepped the laundry area for a new dryer. He also brought in a tile installer when I needed  to upgrade my shower. He is always courteous, reliable in an emergency,, and even offers senior discounts."
ChIJFVP0mhszLE4R6Q4mzngrP-w,Plumber Torrance,"20500 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90503",5,37,,N/A,"The comapny did an excellent job with our faucet repair. The team are friendly and provide professional service.; Excellent work on our water line replacement. The team was punctual and very efficient!; They're very professional and know what they're doing. We quickly fixed our faucet's leak and got great advice on how to keep it from happening again.; Plumber Torrance is a great local resource for our plumbing needs. Being local in Torrance, I greatly appreciate the prompt and professional service right around the corner from us.; The plumber from this company diagnosed and fixed the issue quickly. Excellent service and reasonable prices. I will definitely call them again."
ChIJc4bJDVG7woARGcaqkGcYYe0,Pacific Plumbing Team,"3747 Kelton Ave Suite 6, Los Angeles, CA 90034",4.9,125,,N/A,"Cannot recommend these guys more highly! Super professional. Clear, responsive and proactive communication. Top-notch work done really efficiently. Pricing is fair and reasonable. Had a 100% positive experience working with Arthur on some rough plumbing in a master bath remodel. Will definitely be using this company again.; I had a problem with my hot water at home, and I was waiting for the guests coming. Pacific Plumbing Team came really quickly and replaced two water heaters on the same day for a reasonable price! They even checked my main sewer line with a camera, and it was also super fast. These plumbers know what they do. Big thanks to Paul and Dima!; Pacific Plumbing Team are the guys I always call.  I do maintenance work for large homes in west LA so I rely on excellent service providers.  Arthur always gets the work done and over delivers.
5 stars for my guys at Pacific Plumbing all day every day.; Beautiful work from a very polite and professional team. So thrilled, and happy with the execution. Thanks so much; What a great experience with Pacific plumbing company! They were so quick and professional. They will be the plumbing company I call when I need someone urgently! I have recommended them to my friends, family, and other fellow business owners. Please do your self a service and call Paul when you need a reliable plumber!!"
ChIJXVZ2TBGOwoARq076JkPnO7A,Make It Drain Plumbing & Rooter,"8221 Langdon Ave, Van Nuys, CA 91406",4.8,76,,N/A,"We had a blockage in our bathroom sink, and Ruben came the next day to resolve things. Ruben was considerate and explained everything very clearly for us. The issue was resolved quickly and was charged at 99 dollars, as promised by the company advertisment for blockage removal. We were very impressed, thank you Ruben.; Love Jaime. Not only was he able to come today, but his courtesy and professionalism is fantastic. He fixed an issue I had with another plumbing service and gave me things to watch for in the future. I will definitely call him again. He was a blessing. Thank you; Jaime was very nice, did a good job, made sure he addressed all root cause to unclog my restroom.; The guys were very knowledgeable and friendly. Did the work quickly and at a fair price.; This company (or perhaps just the technician they sent out) severely took advantage of my family.

We had a leak on the second floor in the master shower. MID was available for 24-hour emergency service. They came out quickly, found, and stopped the leak.

The shower valve cartridge was bad and needed to be replaced. We were quoted $375 for labor (including the initial visit) plus parts. No problem.

When the same tech came back, he replaced the cartridge and valve. I was at work at the time, so my wife paid him...$1575.00!

The cartridge and hardware were approximately  $200. So the maximum we should have been looking at was around $600. Not nearly three times that cost.

Obviously, if I were there, I would have protested. My wife didn't know about the previously quoted price and just paid it, because she trusted him, as you should be able to from a reputable company.

The techs name is Alfonso. When I called him, he actually laughed off my concerns. He told me that was ""the going rate."" After searching online, the quote range for a shower cartridge replacement ranges from $300-700, which is what his original quote was.

Where did the $1575 come from? I have no idea. He is a crooked man. He took advantage of us in a vulnerable situation. He knew that if he came when I wasn't home, my wife would be more likely to just pay the bill, no questions asked.

The fact that he laughed it off and basically told me ""too bad"" is unbelievable.

By the way, I have the whole work order with the above information and quote in writing. Interestingly, after I had signed the quote, he filled in a separate section with the new amount in the ""authorization of work"" in a different color ink, AFTER the job was done.

If Alfonso is the type of person this company employs, they're willing to steal your money, lie  to you, and forget documents, I highly advise you to look elsewhere.

Do not hire Make It Drain."
ChIJKzYdUk3HwoARIY2OtJ35NIs,"Cali-Rooter & Plumbing, Inc.","1110 N Virgil Ave Suite 200, Los Angeles, CA 90029",4.9,94,,N/A,"Quick courteous response to our shower not draining properly. We knew it needed to be snaked. Chris was on time, super nice and efficiently snaked the shower drain that had SO MUCH HAIR, would have been difficult to do on our own. Price was also extremely reasonable, significantly less than the company that our HOA recommended. Will DEFINITELY use Chris with Cali for next job!; Simply the best. Our experience in working with Cali Rooter was top notch from start to finish.  We had a crack in our main line, which called for an excavation of the sidewalk and digging a hole 7ft down to reach the main line.  They completed the job in 5 hours and very professional in all aspects of the job.  Highly recommended!  Thanks Cali Rooter!; Bathroom sink started leaking where the drain connects to the bowl. I couldn't figure it out but got a referral from a friend.

Great service. Called and they had someone there fast. Quick, easy, worked very clean, no up sell -- used existing parts and just fixed the issue. He knew what he was doing. Appreciated that he took the time to clean up and during the work was wiping off surfaces that got messy.

Price was fair -- not the cheapest, but not expensive, reasonable to me for the speed and quality of the work.

Got to chatting and it is a full family business, which I love supporting. I'll use them again, that's the highest endorsement.; I have used Cali Rooter and Plumbing twice and have received excellent and prompt service both times. They did the work for about 40% less than the other companies that gave me quotes. Very professional and well-run company and Chris the plumber who did the work was great. They also were able to send someone within an hour of me calling.; Quick, same-day service for a kitchen clog, with clear description of the problem and a fast resolution. John answered all our questions and was very pleasant to work with. Will definitely be a return customer whenever we have plumbing needs."
ChIJA4QMTB9qHIARZ2LblVD_j_4,Ready Plumber Torrance CA,"3159 Fujita St, Torrance, CA 90505",5,42,,N/A,"Showed up on time and had great customer service. Very professional and knowledgeable. The plumber was patient  with me and I really appreciate that. I recommend their services to anybody who needs plumbing!; Needed a gas line replacement, and Ready Plumber Torrance CA did an outstanding job. Would definitely call them again.; Ready Plumber Torrance CA did an excellent job with our sewer line repair. Very reliable service!; The installation for a new bidet for me, and the whole process was smooth and hassle-free. Great service.; I discovered a clogged drain and called their plumbers. They were very professional, arrived on time, and cleaned up after the job. Great service!"
ChIJgz5_z2m7woAR_QG_AOldmQM,Sunset West Plumbing & Rooter Inc.,"12004 W Ohio Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90025",4.8,98,,N/A,"We had water-dripping problems from the faucet in our bathroom, so we called Sunset West Plumbing & Rooter as we always do. Jay and his partner came on time and changed the parts for both quickly and throughly. Sunset West has been in business for over 35 years. There are many plumbers in Los Angeles, but it is important to hire someone you can trust, like Sunset West!; Jim and his team are the best!  They accomplish the tasks needed at our hillside home which can be tricky with the heavy root infestation!  Very professional and they do a great job assessing and clearing the pipes to avoid any backup!  Scheduling is very easy and the atmosphere is very friendly!!; Amazing work and amazing customer service! Miguel and Jay are not only super-skilled, but they are also very friendly and personable. We have a one-year-old and they very kind to him and complimented how we interacted with him while they were installing our sink. They also went a few minutes over and we were supposed be charged for an additional half hour, but customer service waived the fee for us. Highly recommend.; I was very pleased with the work done by Sunset West Plumbing. I have had other plumbets do work in the past 2 years. They arrived during the time when I was told they were be here. They fixed the problem and cleaned up. They were very professional. I will be using them again and will recommend them to others.; Clogged main line. Called another high-profile plumbing company who came out, but were stumped by frozen drain caps and basically threw up their hands. Called Sunset West. Jay and Jadon arrived within 45 minutes, figured out how to deal with the situation in another 10, and had the drain line open shortly thereafter. The guys did an exceptional job cleaning up what was a significant, unavoidable mess when opening the drain. And on top of that, Jay noticed our outdoor faucet was leaking and replaced the spigot on his own volition at no extra charge. Truly exceptional service. We will be a customer for life!"
ChIJVbykbi25woAR42p0YAKCtUg,Roto-Rooter Plumbing & Water Cleanup,"554 S San Vicente Blvd Ste 208, Los Angeles, CA 90048",4.8,757,,N/A,"As a long-time customer of Roto-Rooter, I’ve always trusted your company to provide honest and reliable service, but my recent experience has completely shattered that trust.

Technician Fernando provided an outrageous estimate of $15,000 for a plumbing repair that turned out to be a very simple fix. He didn’t even attempt to undo the faucet to properly assess the situation. Instead, it is clear that he was attempting to take advantage of me as a female homeowner by providing a grossly inflated and fraudulent estimate. After seeking a second opinion, the issue was resolved quickly for less than a fraction of the price quoted by Fernando.

This experience has left me feeling both disappointed and taken advantage of. I expected better from a company I’ve relied on for years. Unfortunately, I will no longer be using your services moving forward.; Ignacio was extremely helpful and easy to work with throughout the process. Ignacio was punctual, consistently showing up on time, and provided a range of options to ensure the work met my needs.; Manny was a great technician. I texted him last minute about a plumbing issue and he showed up that same day within 45min. The service was quick and easy and he made sure to explain everything clearly to me. I highly recommend Roto-Rooter for any plumbing and pipe issue with mainline and clogs. I was very happy with the customer service, speedy response time, and will surely use this company in the future.; Called the same day and had someone there within two hours.
But when you call, ask for Jonathan Lopez. If you don’t ask for him then what are you doing? Haha
Came right away with a great attitude and got everything done so quick.
10/10 will definitely call back in the future; Joe was great. He was early, started on time, took care of the issues without a hassle, took time to explain to me exactly what the issue were, the recommendations.   Very professional and thorough, extremely satisfied"
ChIJsVJAyCc13YARnxTUrbNBS-g,"Pro Plumbers Inc Carson, CA","626 W 231st St, Carson, CA 90745",4.8,97,,N/A,"I recently had the pleasure of working with Pro Plumbers, and I am thoroughly impressed with their service. Gabriel, in particular, was outstanding. From start to finish, he was professional, knowledgeable, and incredibly helpful. He took the time to explain the issues and solutions in detail, ensuring everything was done right. The work was completed efficiently and to a high standard. I highly recommend Pro Plumbers and Gabriel for anyone in need of reliable and top-notch plumbing services.; I recently had the pleasure of working with Gabriel Baro for some plumbing issues in my home. He communicated well throughout the entire process, explaining what needed to be done in clear and understandable terms. Additionally, Gabriel was very patient, taking the time to answer all of my questions without any rush. I highly recommend Gabriel Baro for anyone in need of a reliable and professional plumber.; Friendly, timely, and knowledgeable. He gave us great advice on several issues that we were unaware of, thus preventing future disasters. I highly recommend Pro Plumbers.; Gabriel was on time to my appointment. Very helpful and good attitude. Gerald was also very attentive. Resolved my issue; Thank you Frankie and Gabriel, for the amazing advice and guidance on taking care of my property. These guys are the best in town. Thanks again guys."
ChIJrx-0JN3AwoAR6daci8NnYco,John's Plumbing & Drain Services,"3847 Brunswick Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90039",4.9,222,,N/A,"I absolutely loved having John’s Plumber come to do their service. They were so quick with their work and they were able to solve the issue I was having. The plumber, Victor, was able to explain every step to me in the most simple way for me to understand and they made sure to update me through every process step by step. If I ever have a plumbing problem again then I will definitely call them again! If anyone has a problem then they should definitely call this company, they’re quick, reliable, and have great service!! Thank you for fixing the leak in my bathroom!; Excellent service, they came pretty quickly on a Saturday evening. Victor was very nice and quick gave great advice. They were able to quote me over the phone, they quoted me less than half of what other plumbers were quoting me because others were charging an after hours fee. After the job was done the price they quoted on the phone was what I paid.

They said theyre open 24/7. I would hire them again.; I had a great experience with John’s Plumbing & Drain Services. They were able to schedule an appointment for the very next day, which I greatly appreciated.

The technician arrived right on time and was incredibly professional.

The customer service from the office staff was excellent as well—they were friendly and kept me informed throughout the process. I felt valued as a customer.

I highly recommend John’s Plumbing & Drain Services for their prompt service and excellent workmanship. I’ll definitely be calling them for any future plumbing needs.; John’s Plumbing came the same day I called. They waited until the baby woke from a nap so he wasn’t woken up then did the job quickly. They cleared a toilet drain pipe. Pricing was reasonable and the receptionist/office was quick and courteous. I’m giving 5 stars.; I recently had the pleasure of using John’s Plumbing for a plumbing issue at my home, and I was thoroughly impressed with the entire experience. From start to finish, the service was exceptional.

A special shout-out to Susan from the dispatch team. She was incredibly helpful, courteous, and efficient in scheduling my appointment. Her professionalism set the tone for the rest of the service.

The plumber who came to my home was punctual, knowledgeable, and fixed the issue quickly. He explained what was wrong and what needed to be done in a way that was easy to understand, which I greatly appreciated.

Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the service provided by John’s plumbing. They exceeded my expectations, and I will definitely be using them for any future plumbing needs. Highly recommend!"
ChIJm0D_wWvHwoAR7NpakxVYyXA,Red Lilly Plumbing,"1647 Beverly Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90026",4.6,157,,N/A,"We used Red Lilly Plumbing. We worked with Nelson and Ruben. Real professionals and nice work. See before and after photos.; Fantastic service!
Those guys are super fast and very cost effective, friendly and professional.
Seriously blown away by this lever of awesome service right here in LA.
I dealt with quite a few plumbing services since I became homeowner Red Lilly Plumbing is 10 star service!; Ozzy and crew from Red Lilly are great,  reasonably priced and excellent service. I had an issue with both my kitchen faucet and shower valve leaking, Ozzy came out the same day and fixed both problems , I will definitely keep using them as my plumbers for now on..; Painless. Ask for Mike, he’s been there since 2007. He came within a few hours of the request, knew what the problem was right away, gave a quote to replace the seal while also warning that the plastic component had a tendency of breaking during removal and gave a quote for that in the event it happened, which it didn’t. Overall, super satisfied and thrilled to find a new and awesome plumbing company for any future needs.; I am very pleased with the replacement of the Water Pressure Regulator Valve (PRV) installed by Ruben at my family rental property in LA.  The workmanship was excellent.  Ruben and Charles explained that due to the city water pressure of 120 psi, the original PRV likely failed because it was a builder grade that contained plastic parts.  Ruben  installed a superior quality, dual piston PRV that does not contain any plastic components.  I will definitely use Red Lilly Plumbing for future plumbing repairs and upgrades.."
ChIJn8X7aNkz3YARTMKbjbmkjYY,A1 Best Plumbing - Emergency Plumber Long Beach CA,"2480 Brayton Ave Unit 101, Long Beach, CA 90755",4.9,97,,N/A,"Exceptional plumbing leak repair service! The team arrived promptly, quickly identified the issue and resolved it efficiently.  Sebastian, Jim and Dom are professional, courteous and leave no mess behind.I am impressed with their skill and attention to detail.   Highly recommend them for any plumbing repair—truly reliable and trustworthy service.; Complete Plumbing offers unmatched service from beginning to end. They quickly responded to my calls, arrived on time, and dealt with the issue with care and detail. I felt confident in their skill and professionalism, and I would n't hesitate to call them again. I highly recommend!; I had an emergency early this morning. Called A1, spoke to Vincent who was great. Then Ron and Dominique came and diagnosed the problem. They did a temporary fix to tide me over until tomorrow morning. I’ll give an update then. Super nice people. Maybe a little expensive, but it was an emergency situation.

Update: the next day, German and Sebastian came to install a new water heater, piping etc. they text you when they’re on their way, and there’s an app showing you where they are. I thought that was hilarious for some reason, probably unnecessary, but great anyway. German and Sebastian were very friendly, and I think read the room well: I was freaking out, they were super polite and supportive. German did most of the work, I think Sebastian was basically apprenticing. They installed everything, and German pointed out some issues with my plumbing, which I knew about, but he explained it in a really clear way. They really were awesome, and these guys are my new plumbers, which hopefully I’ll never need again, but you never know.

They also have a repair service who will do a small job for me on Monday. I’ll add to this review after that, but I expect they’ll be great.; The entire plumbing save the day was for me when I had a plumbing emergency. Jim arrived quickly, assessed the situation, and quickly resolved the issue. The pricing was fair, and the service provided was excellent. Definitely the best plumbing company I've ever worked for!; A1 Plumbing, thank you for sending out two professionals, Ronald and Dee!
As soon as I called, Ronald called me and was on his way! Ronald and Dee arrived quickly and assessed the problem and quickly resolved the issue with my main drain being clogged. Mind you, they responded quickly to my after hours called and did not leave until everything was working properly. Thank you Ronald and Dee and Thank you A1 Plumbing!!!"
ChIJ_21GqDm6woARqfzdqwxK51k,Plumber 2 The Rescue,"3871 Huron Ave, Culver City, CA 90232",4.9,351,,N/A,"I scheduled an appointment for 3pm-5pm. Around 4:40pm, I called to try and confirm that a plumber would still be coming. Nobody picked up the phone. It is now over an hour after 5pm and I have not received any calls or information from anyone. Still, nobody is answering the phone. I find the no call/no show to be very unprofessional, and I will take my business elsewhere.; Edwin is friendly, professional, detail-oriented and fast. He did a great job today replacing all the drain pipes under my double-basin kitchen sink. I've used Plumber 2 The Rescue for ten years now, and they are always the best!; Personally, George was a great guy. In terms of the plumbing repair experience, this was not a great one. Some of the issues were because the shutoff valves weren't working as intended, which led to extra difficulty in getting a valve replaced, but some of the issues were avoidable and signs of poor planning and business practices that, while standard in the industry, don't value the customer as much as making more money.

Despite having a picture of the valve that they needed to repair or replace before coming, the plumber took 2 trips to supply stores to get parts. This means that they spent 2-3 hours just driving to get supplies that they could have prepared ahead of time. Of course, they billed me for that time in addition to jacking up the price of the materials by 40% for extra charges of $300-$400. This could have easily been avoided with better planning. All they had to do was ask for some better pictures of the valve if they needed them or ask me to buy my own replacement.

While increasing prices of replacement parts is common, I've also had plumbers that focus on charging for their labor and skill only and either give me the option to buy my own parts or just ask for reimbursements for parts. Contractors that try to earn money on both parts and labor are far more likely to recommend parts that aren't needed or are more expensive since it's in their best interest to do that and earn more money. Plumbers that just charge for their skill and labor tend to be more honest.

I also ended up pulling out a clothes washer on my own and using a half dozen towels to clean water they got all over the floor because they didn't properly prepare the area they were working in. The water not shutting off properly wasn't the plumber's fault, but not being adequately prepared in case there was leaking water was something that could have been done better.

Would I use them again? Maybe, but probably not. I've had enough good contractors to know that there are better options out there than Plumber 2 the Rescue.; I was very impressed with the quality of service I received from this plumbing company. This plumbing service is top-notch! Their prices are fair, and they do great work. The plumber who came to my home was friendly and explained everything he was doing, which made me feel at ease.; Very pleasant experience.
Britney: very kind, pleasant, professional costumer service. Scheduled the appointment pretty much right away,, and the service was done within 2 hours of my initial phone call. Super fast!
George was very professional, experienced, works fast, gave honest and useful advices to me. Very kind.
I will definitely call this company again soon, for vanity installation, and in the future they will be my “go to” place. Honest nice people, prompt service, very reasonable prices upfront, no hidden fees."
ChIJIRBm1h58xEgRwqHbm4fAaio,Contractor Response Plumbing experienced and licensed professionals,"14519 Wadkins Ave, Gardena, CA 90249",4.9,110,,N/A,"Excellent work and service. We hired this company to repair a very old pipe system in our Condo which required creative thinking and skills. The multiple repairs were accomplished in record time and for a reasonable price. We will be working with this company as a preferred contractor for both individual units and general issues related to the building.; I contacted Carlos to help with a full repipe job in a rental property. After receiving multiple quotes ranging from smaller businesses to the larger plumbing companies, we decided to go with Carlos due to his responsiveness and reasonable pricing. He was very communicative during the whole process, punctual and reliable. He also sent me video and pictures of the completed job, as I was not on-site, and he understood this was important to keep for our rental records. It is always challenging to do major repairs, specially when you are trying to be as least disruptive as possible to occupants, but I am thankful that Carlos and his crew did a great job, all while being considerate to the tenants. I look forward to working with him again in the future.; I have a 1936 Spanish house with original plumbing still in tact (for the most part).  My shower broke and several plumbers told me we were going to have to knock out a wall (which would have required a huge, pricey paint job afterwards, not just a local fix).  Carlos figured out a way to fix it without damaging the walls or the vintage tiles.  He was punctual, courteous and reasonably priced. I've been looking for a good plumber for a while ... and he's it.  I recommend him highly.; I first contacted Carlos in November of last year to help me with a outdoor drainage project at a new build.  The previous contractor fouled the project up and then told me it was my problem.

Carlos was responsive, prompt, professional, and pleasant.  I had to put the project on hold, but 7 months later, when I contacted Carlos again, he picked right up on the project, making telephone calls to the city as needed, and following up with me at least daily.

I ran into some complications, and had to put Carlos on hold again, but a few weeks later when I was ready to go, Carlos was by my side, patiently helping me work through the complications.  He came up with a great resolution, but he coordinated with several people to make it happen, removing that burden from me.

I am creating a list of contractors for my use in the future, and for referral purposes.  Carlos is at the top of the list.  I look forward to working on other projects with Carlos.

By the way, I love Carlos' ""can-do"" attitude and his sincerity.  When he calls people on the phone, he always gives them a brief, but very nice greeting before he gets to the reason for his call. So nice.; Had trouble finding contractor to install water leak detection sensor. I stumbled upon Carlos thru Google search and very happy in connecting with him. Carlos was great and reasonably priced. He followed up to schedule the job.once I had the part. The installation was smooth and fast. I would highly recommend."
ChIJmaHI8crPwoARk2xZnXO-xGI,A-1 Total Service Plumbing,"640 S Atlantic Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90022",4.9,1034,,N/A,"Nate and his crew Daniel, Rubin and Kevin were amazing!  From Nancy who took my original call and Alvin the supervisor I was impressed with their professionalism.  They dealt with me and coordinated with my tenants to get the job done.  It was no small job either.  They had to dig several feet down and under the foundation to the main sewer line.  They left it like nothing had been touched.  I So appreciate all their hard work.  I’d use A-1 again in a heartbeat!; Jackie went right at the issue. Our “Badger 100 1/3” disposal unit fell off a hinge this morning. The manufacturer isn’t open until Monday. Jackie came over on a same-day call on a Sunday, much appreciated!

Customer service was excellent on the phone. I asked for a quote if I sent an image over, she said no per Company standards. Okay, no problem, just need estimate $ so I can compare time ✅ and cost 👎🏼

The negative part was this cost me out-of-pocket $150, versus another company who was going to charge $50 just to evaluate AND do the job at that price if I waited another hour. Cost-wise: not fully recommended; timeliness and customer service: highly recommended.

I expected somewhere around $70-$90, but DEFINITELY not $150.; Rudy was absolutely skilled, professional, friendly and neat. Let the area cleaner than what it was before he showed up. I used this plumbing service before and will continue to use them at my house and I highly recommend them.; Rudy’s performance was thumbs up. He had only one thing on his mind when he arrived at my place to solve the problem. He didn’t waste one second of my time he was polite, very friendly found the problem gave me some options that were looking out for my wallet, Mr. BAIRES, Got the job done along with another person from your A1 who was professional and helped out , great job and even gave me a year  A warranty guarantee for a whole year so if something goes wrong, I just give them a call and it’s done for free. Couldn’t ask for anything better.; John and Adrian are simply the best!! John was courteous, knowledgable and skilled. He first camera scoped our pipes, which no other company has done and showed us exactly the problem. Adrian and John promptly fixed our clogged pipes. We highly recommend them and A-1 Total Service Plumbing."
ChIJ2eh3Upct3YARIS2H2uw7mX8,Prodigy Plumbing & HVAC | Long Beach Plumber,"3090 E 29th St, Long Beach, CA 90806",4.8,767,,N/A,"We could not use either, bathroom! Prodigy Plumbing, came that same day & started the work early the next day. By that afternoon everything was working!
Thanks to Cesar, who tried to finish the job, but we had a bigger problem. Donny, came & described our opinions. It was more money then we hope to spend, but they have a 12 month s no interest.
Thanks to Marcos for his repairs! Today Erik came filled in the hole. Everyone I mentioned were polite & friendly. Cesar even brought us donuts on the day of the repair.
God Bless, Diane; I made an appointment for an estimate to install a Comfort System on a hot water heater. I picked Prodigy Plumbing because of their great reviews, which were spot on. Steve was their estimator and was professional, friendly and honest to a fault. He was very informative and thorough, explaining our options with his best intentions for our decision making. This is incredibly rare in my experience, where most contractors mimic used car salesman in their selling tactics. I was looking for an honest, professional and ethical plumbing company and Prodigy Plumbing is my go too from now on.; Great customer service! They were responsive and came out to diagnose my issue. After a thorough evaluation which included a check under the house, I was presented with a solution and given a choice of prices to choose from. Each price bundle contained different options based on my budget. After I chose my price the work was completed in a timely fashion. I would recommend them.; Upon a friend’s referral, I called Prodigy Plumbing.  They sent Jerry Navarro to fix the plumbing problems in my home. He did an amazing job! He was able to fix one of the problems that two other previous plumbers couldn’t resolve. He can assess the situation and give options available to the homeowner. I believe he is very honest and therefore trust his opinions. He is professional yet friendly, works to please the customer, and, as I said, did an amazing job! He is an experienced and competent plumber. I also appreciated that he was always on time, reliable, respectful, and left my home as clean as when he arrived. I will call Prodigy Plumbing and ask for Jerry Navarro for my next plumbing needs.  Thank you, Prodigy and Jerry!; I had seen in the local Grunion Gazette that Prodigy Plumbing was voted best plumbing company so I decided to call them when I had some plumbing issues arise.  I can say there's a reason why Prodigy plumbing is voted best in Long Beach!   I've used them twice now and they are a great, honest, local company.  Their plumbers are super friendly and most importantly they are genuinely good and honest people!  Today I had Jerry and Chris come out for a bathroom issue.  I called at 8:30 on a Friday morning.  I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to get someone out the same day and the weekend was just around the corner.  But luckily they were able to send someone and although I was given a 4 hour window, Jerry and Chris were at my door within the hour!  They were friendly and polite and they both took the time to answer my many questions I had about other plumbing fixtures that didn't have anything to do with my original service call.  Thank you guys!  Prodigy will definitely always be my go to now for any of my plumbing needs!"
ChIJ88E48oTJwoARrkZwq5lslg8,Valencia's Plumbing,"1639 E 87th Pl, Los Angeles, CA 90002",4.9,106,,N/A,"Excellent service from start to finish! I called, and they came to Santa Fe Springs quickly. They were honest, professional, and very knowledgeable. They diagnosed the issue right away and explained everything clearly before starting the work. The repairs were completed in less than two hours, and I couldn’t be happier with the results. Highly recommend! Thank you; We are so pleased with the work that Valencia’s Plumbing did for us. We had our hot water heater relocated to the outside of our garage and they did a fantastic job from start to finish. They showed up on time, got right to work, and completed the job in a few hours. The work was extremely well done and very neat. We will definitely use Valencia’s Plumbing again and would recommend them to anyone looking for honest work at a fair price.  Thanks again Carlos!; I can’t thank Valencia’s Plumbing enough for all the work they did on my property. They were super fast and reliable. I had sewer issues, they ran the snake and turned out I had tree roots in the pipes. After running the camera and diagnosing they recommended all I needed for me to not have further issues. They had to dig over 5feet and repaired the pipe and added a clean out and also a liner to protect my pipes since they were already damaging. Their prices were very reasonable. Carlos and Jose were the best people to depend on and they worked super quick. Being a landlord and having tenants is not easy, it is our responsibility to have proper bathroom usage. The best part is that they were able to do it without having to get permits  for this to run quick. Thank you Valencia’s plumbing.; I can’t say enough about the incredibly fast response time and professionalism of Christian and the team. We had a leak where the cast iron pipes from our house met the clay pipes from the city and now have peace of mind with the repair. Throughout the job, we were provided updates on progress and informed on the materials used. Will happily return for more business. Thank you, Valencia’s plumbing!; My property had a problem with multiple offsets on the sewer lateral. I called a few plumbers around the area.  Valencia's gave me a rough estimate without charging while other plumbers wanted $250 to tell me about a problem I already knew I had.  After we agreed on a price estimate, I received a more precise cost after camera work.  They replaced a sewer lateral with burst pipe and a section with CPP and did some work under the house.
Their work is very good and they have honest prices.
I'll definitely use them again and will recommend them to anyone who needs plumbing work."
ChIJfS1Ltdw03YARVw4O6zE1RAo,Rooter Hero Plumbing & Air of Los Angeles,"14401 S Western Ave, Gardena, CA 90249",4.8,1087,,N/A,"I want to make it clear that Ronnie saved the day for the company. After two cancellations, Ronnie sucked it up and came out to clear our clogged sink after 14 hours on the job. He certainly went above and beyond and did it with a stellar attitude. I greatly appreciate the sacrifice he made to put our kitchen back in order.; Our first scheduled service person did not show up, and Ronnie was sent by Roto Hero to help us. Ronnie was amazing! He had to go out and get parts and then took care of our needs really quickly. We were so very pleased and surprised at how fast he worked to solve our problem. In addition to being a great knowledgeable service person, he was very personable and smiled all the time. He is truly a tribute to the company, and we will definitely go back and ask for Ronnie as soon as we have another issue. Thank you so much for sending such a competent and helpful representative of your company. Lois; Router Hero was a wonderful company to deal with. They are very professional and accommodating! Geo (wonderful plumber) was so pleasant, knew just what to do, a complete professional!
I will definitely recommend Router Hero to anyone who needs a plumber.
Please send me some of your cards and if you have, brochures as well.
Thank you!; We recently had an urgent situation with a leaking water heater in one of our rental properties, and Rooter Hero came to the rescue! Alex, the technician, was nothing short of amazing. He arrived promptly, diagnosed the issue quickly, and was able to fix it the same day. The entire experience was smooth and stress-free, and we were especially pleased with how fair and appropriate the cost was for the service. Alex's professionalism and expertise were evident, and we couldn't be happier with the outcome. Highly recommend Rooter Hero and Alex for any plumbing needs!; Ronnie was incredibly helpful! He was super efficient, mindful, and friendly. He was in and out quickly and got the job done perfectly. This is my 2nd time using Rooter Hero and it won’t be the last."
ChIJveM17le5woARsFOuO1A4_8k,Ray Loyas Plumbing,"7711 Brunache St, Downey, CA 90242",4.8,53,,N/A,"Hired Ray for a small job to install water lines in my garage for a washer dryer. Connect from existing lines 2feet away and install a drain. He said it would take 2 days but it lasted 5 1/2 days. He was at my house till 3 am on the final day. Insanity. The work was subpar and messy. 2 weeks later the pipes leaked and he refused to fix it. Ignored my calls and texts. I had to pay another plumber to fix his sloppy work and the leak. I also overpaid Ray accidentally $200 and he did not return the overpayment. I was not going to leave a bad review till he ignored the leak at my house and didn’t come to fix his mistakes. I was fooled by the positive reviews. Beware.; I am a very satisfied customer. Ray went above and beyond of what was expected. I Had issues with pump, it was clogged and so dirty. He came and cleaned it all up, got it up and running again. He even cleaned my backyard. Very nice person and he explained thoroughly all the work and gave good advice on plumbing. Quality work for a reasonable price!  We will definitely be calling him again for our plumbing needs.  Thank you.; I’m incredibly happy with the Ray Loya skills and professionalism! Ray assessed the issue with gas leaked efficiently, and their expertise was evident as he fixed the problem and verified that everything was right,and not only did he resolve the issue, but he also took the time to explain what went wrong and offered valuable tips to prevent future occurrences. I'll definitely be recommending Ray Loya plumbing to anyone. Thank you for the great job!; Ray came as an emergency service and worked until the late night until the the leak was repaired. He had to dig our front yard but made sure it was exactly what it looked like before he dug up the dirt. Did a great job and I would highly recommend Ray to anyone. I now have a dependable plumber that I will use in the future.; Ray came to my Dad""s house in a pinch when we had an emergency with a valve leaking lots of water.  We had to turn off the mainline and I couldn't keep it off for a long time because my parents are senior citizens and obviously need water.  He came,  troubleshot the problem, and did the repair efficiently. Not only is he a nice guy, he walks you through the issue, and tells you how he will fix it. His service fee was more than reasonable. I highly recommend Ray!"
ChIJ8QSemy4y3YARwwDJiQ2NODs,Beach Plumbing,"3450 E Spring St UNIT 114, Long Beach, CA 90806",4.8,60,,N/A,"I'm not a big reviewer but felt it was necessary to shout out good work when it's done well! The Beach plumbing team just completed a pretty extensive job at my new property and they couldn't have been more lovely to work with.

Edwin did our initial inspection and estimate and worked with us to ensure we were getting everything we needed at a fair price. The team who worked on the house (Robert, Richard, and K) were amazing. So communicative, courteous, and willing to go the extra mile to get the job done (starting on time each day, and even staying late).

Given our scope of work I'm hopeful we won't need plumbing services for quite a while, but Beach Plumbing would be my first choice in vendors for any future jobs!; Wow! I don't normally leave reviews, but I HAD to this time. We called to have our disposal replaced & they literally came NEXT DAY! The plumber they sent was the NICEST GUY! So Polite & Respectful! & Super Efficient. He cleaned up after himself & made sure that the under sink area was perfect. I'm just so impressed. Highly Recommend!!; The squad just finished a huge job and actually blown away by the team.

People with amazing social skills, promptness, hard working. Feels like a rare combo in the trades industry.

Edwin was our project manager and initial inspector. He was great in answering questions for a week after the initial estimate and a huge reason we chose Beach Plumbing.  Price was right in the middle of some other quotes we got but felt most comfortable with Beach.

Robert, Richard, and K were the 3 working on our house I believe — and they grinded long days to finish as early as possible for us.  I mostly only spoke with Robert who was just as awesome as Edwin.; I recently had an urgent gas leak issue at my property, prompting the city to shut off our gas supply. In a state of urgency, we reached out to Beach Plumbing, and their response time was outstanding. Within just a couple of hours, they had scheduled an appointment for us.

When Edwin from Beach Plumbing arrived at our house, his promptness and professionalism were immediately apparent. He conducted a thorough inspection to detect the gas leaks, and his attention to detail was commendable. Edwin's dedication to providing top-notch customer service truly stood out. Not only did he address the issue efficiently, but he also went above and beyond our expectations.

His depth of knowledge and friendly demeanor made the entire experience smooth and stress-free. Edwin's commitment to excellence deserves special recognition, and if there were a button to give Beach Plumbing 10 stars, he and the company would certainly deserve it.

Overall, I highly recommend Beach Plumbing for their exceptional service, and Edwin, in particular, for his outstanding professionalism and dedication to customer satisfaction.; The most pleasant on-site plumbing consultation/estimate I’ve ever experienced. Matthew showed up on time, and was so personable and polite. He intently listened to my concerns and patiently answered all my questions. His explanations were so thorough and thoughtful. Though the estimate provided was a bit higher than others, I had no doubt this was because of the quality of workmanship going into the project as well as the guarantee you’d be well cared for as their client both during and after the project was completed. Thanks Matthew, I will definitely keep Beach Plumbing in mind for future projects."
ChIJV-Qeo1-7woAR3TRjOyH1QnY,DX Plumbing and Hydro Jetting Inc,"10940 Wilshire Blvd Ste 1600-PMB #818, Los Angeles, CA 90024",5,209,,N/A,"Abraham is the best! He has fixed multiple plumbing issues in my unit and building and always does high quality work. He responds quickly, is very knowledgable, and is always honest and fair about prices and options for fixing issues. I recommend DX Plumbing to anyone in need.; Abraham was terrific. Had clog in lateral sewage pipe. He solved the problem instantly with hydrojet and camera. Trustworthy. Informative. Made himself available right away. And most affordable on top of everything else. Family owned business. Put this one in your contacts.; My next-door neighbor recommended Abraham from DX Plumbing when I told him we were in need of a new plumber. My neighbor said he had found Abraham by doing an extensive Google search and reading lots of reviews.

We have now used Abraham twice: once last month to replace our Insinkerator product, which had stopped working, and to replace the water filters in our sink and fridge.

The second time was a week ago, after our 21-year-old hot water heater died by spraying water all over our sub-basement. Abraham returned my call on a Saturday afternoon and came by my house on a Sunday to assess the situation. He had a new water heater installed on Monday afternoon. While he waited for the delivery, he uninstalled the old one and moved it outside.

With this help, we only had to go a little more than 48 hours with just cold sink water and flushing toilets. After that, our new hot water heater was installed and we were able to shower again and have hot water in all showers and sinks.

I was very grateful for his attentiveness and expediency both times we worked with him.

After I left him a voicemail when the water heater first began leaking, and didn't immediately hear back, I called plumbers recommended by other friends. No one was available on a weekend, except for one guy, who was going to charge me $320/hour. Fortunately, Abraham called me back shortly after and was able to walk me through the next steps.; I have utilized various plumbing services over the years, and my experiences, particularly with plumbing, have never been satisfactory until I started working with Abraham four years ago. Since then, I have consistently had excellent experiences. Abraham's work is truly top-notch, and it is evident that you are paying for quality craftsmanship. Especially when it comes to high-end kitchen and bathroom fixtures, I would trust no one else to handle them. Abraham has successfully completed both large-scale projects and smaller house services for me, demonstrating exceptional skill and professionalism. His attitude is always positive, and his honesty is truly commendable.""; I contacted DX Plumbing for help clearing tree roots from my sewer line. I knew that I had to have major work done on the sewer line but I wasn’t sure who to trust with the job…so I put it on hold for three years. Once I met Abraham, I was 100% sure he was the person to help me. He was upfront, professional, thorough, and on time. He completed the major work for me and I could not be more impressed with his work.
Abraham completed all of the work, was on time, and left the space in better shape than he found it. If you are unsure about contacting DX Plumbing, just do it. You will not regret working with Abraham/DX Plumbing."
ChIJM4nvytKVwoARiudsi1U0Bm4,Hard Hat Rooter and plumbing,"416 E Cypress Ave, Burbank, CA 91501",5,47,,N/A,"Hard Hat Plumbing is hands down the best plumber, period. There’s a reason they have a perfect 5-star rating, and I’m happy to add my own. They are incredibly knowledgeable, professional, and genuinely caring in their work. They handle every project as if it’s for their own home, and their attention to detail is unmatched. I’ve had them install a tankless water heater and an emergency gas shut-off valve, and both were done perfectly. They didn’t just get the job done right the first time—they left my space cleaner and in better condition than before.

One of the most impressive things was how beautifully organized the plumbing lines were. It almost looked like a circuit board, showcasing their precision and craftsmanship. You can tell they take pride in every single detail. Not only is the work done flawlessly, but it’s also visually stunning, which isn’t something you expect from plumbing! Their commitment to quality and excellence shines through in every aspect of the job.

On top of their technical expertise, they were incredibly respectful of my home. Without me even asking, they made sure my cats didn’t slip outside, inquiring about their safety right from the start. That level of care and consideration blew me away. If you’re looking for a plumber, stop your search here. Hard Hat Plumbing is the only plumber you’ll ever need. They’re professional, reliable, and treat your home like their own. You’ll be glad you trusted them with your home, just like I was!; Hard Hat Rooter is the BEST! I've lived in six homes in Glendale and have used many plumbers over the years and Hard Hat has always come through for me! They have performed several jobs for me and most significantly an entire front of home to back of home trenched new sewer line. Super honest, great work and best prices!; I was so impressed with Hard Hat plumbing. They were incredibly fast, arriving quickly to tackle my clogged sewer pipe. The team was friendly and professional, and they got the job done efficiently. I highly recommend this company to anyone in need of plumbing services.; I've got to give a massive shoutout to Hard Hat' and Ralph! He came to our rescue after hours and cleared a blockage in our plumbing without charging a dime. I can't thank him enough for his amazing service and generosity.

Not only did he fix our plumbing problem, but he did it with a smile and left the place clean and tidy. If you're on the hunt for an amazing plumber, Hard Hat is your guy.

Thanks a million, We're forever grateful.; Very grateful for Hard Hat Rooter and Plumbing Team! And they have an amazing team member in their technician Mr. Francisco!

He provided expertise, hard work, clean finish, and some of the best customer service we have ever experienced. We were happy to give him a well-earned $100 tip.

We were having some issues with the draining from our kitchen. Our dishwasher, sink, and washer dryer all run from that section. We initially thought it was typical build up, and simply required a line run to clear the path. Hard hat was very responsive, and quickly sent out Mr. Francisco. They quoted us $120 for the line clearing.

Upon arrival, Mr. Francisco was thorough. He inspected all the water sources (clothes washer, sink, dishwasher, etc.). He was able to confirm there was a low flow out of the area. He then checked the access pipes. He then went under the home, and into the crawl space below. He was quick to point out the grade of the water output from that section of the house was off. He said the issues was a result of with the pipe grading. The improper grade was causing water to pool, calcify, and build up sediment; all resulting in poor drainage, and dirt build up and odor.

We had been dealing with subtle indicators of a larger issue, but never out it all together until he helped us. Mr. Francisco was able to set up an appointment to redo the piping grade the next business day. They quoted $1,600; which was expensive, but on par with all other quotes. And $1,600 is what we paid including all taxes, parts, and labor.

Mr. Francisco arrived right on time for the job, and worked diligently and smoothly until the job was finished. He utilized a leveler and a shovel to ensure we had a great exit grade for the new piping. He showed the poor original grade, and then later showed me through the new install and improved path he designed to ensure a proper slope. He then checked all other plumbing points; including the main line. He showed me each via the snake camera. He was great! It gave us so much confidence and comfort to see everything and understand the underlying issue was resolved. He also educated and showed us what items might require replacement long term (10-15 years from now). Mr. Francisco then cleaned up under the house, and in the side run access point. Taking all the old pipe and debris away. The final new pipe line was clean, and well done. And had a great slope down to avoid this issue happening again!

Rather than take $120 and give us a temporary fix, Mr. Francisco and the Hard Hat team treated us like family. They did not charge us the $120; and provided a real, permanent solution. Hard Hat - thank you, and you have an amazing team member in Mr. Francisco. We could not be happier, and hope that he is appreciated as the great team member he is!"
ChIJga-puju_woAR5-cU1I_GxM4,Pacific Plumbing Services Inc.,"1620 Wilcox Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90028",5,38,,N/A,"A week ago, Velvet Plumbing responded immediately to my request. The plumber they sent is a well-rounded guy and took the job seriously. The clogged toilet repair was only finished within an hour, and I'm glad that he was able to do it effectively. Indeed, a remarkable and excellent experience. Kudos and more power!; Amazing WORK! I like to commend Velvet Plumbing because not only do they provide me a stellar service but reasonably charge as well for the repair of my water line. Thanks a lot! I was very impressed with the quality of service!; We needed leaking pipe repairs last Tuesday, so we phoned Velvet Plumbing. They scheduled me for Thursday, and their promised plumber showed up. Now that a new pipe has been set and fitted flawlessly, everything is operating at its best. I appreciate how quickly you responded. Really grateful that everything was completed so fast. Would highly suggest this company.; There was a root problem in the common six-inch line going to the street sewer.  We called a local plumber, who cleaned out the roots and proposed a pipe lining solution to prevent further root problems.  The pipe lining solution seemed risky and high priced, so we did not pursue that.

We recently became aware of the trench-less sewer line replacement process that uses pipe bursting to pull continuous heavy polyethylene pipe into the space previously occupied by the old pipe.  Shortly after that, two of our neighbors hired Greg to replace their side sewers.  We got to see Greg perform the pipe-bursting process, and we were impressed by the process and their expertise.  The price also seemed very reasonable.

We hired Greg to do our job.   For some time I had been worried about how to do it and how much it would cost, but his method seemed like the solution.  Our job had some significant challenges that he handled with minimal complication.  He quickly solved problems that probably would have stopped people with less experience.  During the work, we were without sewer only a few hours at a time, and we always had a temporary connection most of the day and all night.  We now have a new side sewer that is better and more durable than the old concrete one.  We are completely satisfied with the quality and value of what we received, and we learned a lot.  Our experience was very consistent with all of the positive reviews on this site.; Thomas from Pacific Plumbing Services did a fantastic job installing our new water heater. We highly recommend their services."
ChIJzamy5WMu3YARQS-Za8Hah60,The Family Plumber,"3613 Briggeman Dr, Los Alamitos, CA 90720",4.8,61,,N/A,"It's so nice to find a business that we can count on. We called The Family Plumber yesterday morning and they quickly provided us with a plumber, Nick. Nick was friendly, knowledgeable, professional and did fantastic work. Our whole experience from initial phone call to completion of the job was great. We would definitely recommend The Family Plumber.; We had a major plumbing problem and our neighbor recommended the Family Plumber.  Thank goodness we called them!  Josh and Nick assessed the problem, and fixed it immediately. They were thorough, professional, courteous and very reasonable.  We will call Josh for all of our future plumbing needs.  Definitely five out of five stars!; *Called The Family Plumber to come out again (Sept 2024), but this time to snake my tub which was draining very slow. Carlos came out and he was awesome. So polite and helpful!  He explained a few things, got right to work and was done in under an hour. He showed me the clump of hair that was causing the problem. Carlos left the work area exactly as he found it - clean! I highly recommend The Family Plumber.*

I called The Family Plumber (April 2024) for a toilet fill valve replacement, or so I thought. Because my toilet was the original from 1959, it needed to be replaced. Fortunately, Nick was awesome in explaining everything that needed to be and should be done, to ensure that I would be without future problems. This job was basically an all day project since the flange also needed to be replaced. I was so happy that Nick was able to do the complete job on the day that he came out! Not only was he courteous, but he was pleasant during the whole process, including several trips back & forth to the shop which some workers would be irritated with. I will be using The Family Plumber again for my plumbing needs and I will not hesitate to ask for Nick.; Ruben and Kadin did a fantastic job for us! Not only did they resolve each of our issues skillfully, but they gave us options with explanations along the way, so we could make informed decisions.  They were consummate professionals and considerate, too. We recommend them without hesitation. Thanks, guys!; Ruben was awesome, very professional and thorough, took the extra time to recheck and make sure everything was good. I would highly recommend this company. Very pleased. And he explained everything. 100 🌟 for sure"
ChIJId3P3r0q3YARTHON6_cInYo,Plumber XP,"1120 S Cypress St ste f, La Habra, CA 90631",5,124,,N/A,"We called Plumber XP, we didn't have to wait very long, Angela immediately got a plumber within 1 hour, Efrain the plumber came out, he replaced both toilets' mechanisms, within 15 minutes, it was done!  I am very happy everything was done super-fast, and the price was very reasonable.
Efrain was very professional, and our tenant was very happy that he left both bathrooms very clean too.
We definitely can count on Plumber XP again in the future, because there will be no hassle of getting things done right away.; For several years I have used Plumber XP,  both in my home and in my 100 year old rental.  They have done major work for me, replacing the water and sewer lines, among other repairs.  Their plumbers are excellent, reliable and professional.  I have been very satisfied with their work.  I appreciate that Gabriel and Angela worked with me every step of the way.  I completely trust them and I highly recommend their services.; We had a serious problem with a broken drainage pipe under our house. Plumber XP came out fast and were very professional. They knew what they were doing. They diagnosed the problem and instead of cutting into the tile which could have been more expensive to repair, they got access via the adjacent bedrooms wall which is sheetrock and much easier to repair. Then they got under the home and went to work. All the while they took many pictures to show the problem, and the work they were doing, and the work they performed and completed. After fixing the initial leak, we could see there was another one we did not know about. They went and took care of that as well! All this was done fast, professionally, and with expertise, and they had everything they needed right with them. No delays for parts or any other reason. They just got to work and fixed our serious problem.
Also, I appreciate Gabriel the owner working with me on making the whole process happen in a way that felt good and fair.
I recommend them highly if you want to get a job done fast and done right the first time. And who doesn't want that?; Gabriel from Plumber XP and his team were excellent.

1. incredibly responsive. We had a main water line break on a Sunday. I asked for a quote and they responded IMMEDIATELY.

2. Diagnosed a problem with our main water line pressure. Instead of fixing just the pipe, diagnosed that we are getting overly high pressure on our system and needed a pressure dampener. While we have one at our house, they installed one next to the water meter, which helped us regulate the pressure across our entire property.

3. I called to verify with the water district in La Habra Heights and they confirmed that having multiple pressure dampeners was the way to go. This relieved any concerns I was being sold a bad bill of goods. Plumber XP was honest, forthright, and cost efficient.

Thanks XP for a job well done!; Gabriel, owner of PLUMBER XP, has become our plumber to call for all our plumbing needs. Our home was built in 1960 and we added square footage some time ago. Many upgrades needed inside and under house. Today, Efrain was replacing the garbage disposal. At one time, we were able to all these things. Now is it comforting to know, we can call a plumber, who we can completely trust. Thank you, Gabriel, Eddie, Efrain, Angelo, Jose, Oscar, et al. and office manager, Angela."
ChIJqZ2g7w7HwoARn91nBskiutc,24/7 Rooter Service | Emergency Plumber | Drain Cleaning | Los Angeles County,"211 La Fayette Park Pl, Los Angeles, CA 90057",4.9,54,,N/A,"I recommend Alex and 24/7 Rooter Service wholeheartedly. I recently had to use 24/7 Rooter Service on two separate occasions, once on on a Sunday (it was during Memorial Weekend) where the toilet wasn't working, and on a weekday after 4-5pm.  Alex saved the day on both occassions and he was able to arrive within an hour or two of the initial phone call!  I was so relieved b/c it was so difficulted to find a plumber who was willing to come out on a weekend, much less a Memorial Day weekend.  Another thing I was extremely satisfied about was that when you call, you can speak to the owner/operator directly.  So many other plumbing companies force you to go through a call center where they have to check the availability of the plumber nearby (understandably so) and get back to you, which causes a delay when your faucet is continuously leaking or when you have to go to the bathroom.  Another reason why I am extremely satifsfied is that Alex will take the time to explain to you (in plain English) what the current problem is, what is causing the current problem, and how to efficiently repair that problem.  This is very beneficial b/c so many other plumbers don't take the time to explain to you and walk you through the process. I am extremely satisfied with his customer service, promptness, competency, and professionalism.  I would recommend 24/7 Rooter Service to anyone and everyone.; I own a bar in Hollywood and an hour before we were to have our grand opening party, our water shut off. Got on the phone with Alex and he was over within 30 minutes, diagnosed the problem and had us up and running before showtime. We figured out it was a problem with the neighbors water affecting us, so him and his partner were able to get over there and fix it for us. No doubt going to be keeping Alex’s number on hand for ANY plumbing issue going forward because he really knows what he’s talking about; I called 24/7 Rooter Service when both my toilets backed up and my fears of a backed up mainline made me very anxious. I had called another plumber but they were busy and short staffed because it was a holiday (Columbus Day). Alex answered the phone himself and after I described the problem, he said not to worry and he will be at my house between 6 to 7. It was 5:30 when I called and sure enough at 6:15 he rang the door bell. He was very calm and patient and did an amazing job taking care of the problem which was roots at the junction of my inside pipes to the outside. He did a video of the line before and after and the results were amazing. He now has a costumer for life. He is a kind of person who exudes confidence and yet has  a very calm  and humble presence. I give him my highest recommendation. Thank you for saving the day.; I was having a water pressure issue upstairs, they came out same day. Very transparent, fast, and would recommend their services to my friends and family.

(Edit)
I called them out for another job, they diagnosed the issue, gave a quote and was transparent about potential future costs. Highly recommended.; Alex and his team did a great job. They not only resolved our serious plumbing issue, but were also fast, efficient, and highly professional. I would definitely recommend  working with them."
ChIJ1zdz2_TXwoARGzmylNVv6zI,"Jerez Plumbing | Emergency Plumber, Hydrojetting, Drain Cleaning, and Tankless Water Heater Repair in La Puente, CA","448 S 5th Ave, La Puente, CA 91746",5,72,,N/A,"Fernando,  the guy who came over to do the plumbing was really professional and friendly.  Explaining what he was doing every step of the process.  Excellent price on a well done job. Highly recommend him to do any plumbing job.; We had sewer repaired/replaced from house to street. Made professional suggestions and gave us options about what we needed and what we didn't immediately need, but could replace. Never felt pressure to make an all or nothing repair as others suggested. Will recommend.; Water backed up into the first floor's shower drains. Fernando was able to address the issues the same day we called. He was on time, responsive, and professional. He was able to snake the main line via the cleanout port and get a camera in there to identify the cause of the clog. The camera showed that there were roots in the main line (spots marked by red X in the photos). The roots probably caught enough waste to cause a clog and backed up the water into our shower drains. Everything was taken cared of within 1.5 hours. Overall, it was a good experience. Fernando also provided some tips for prevention as well as other options to address the roots (for additional costs, that we did not pursue at this time).; I recently had the pleasure of using the services of Jerez Plumbing and I must say, I was thoroughly impressed. From start to finish, the entire experience was smooth and hassle-free.

I was able to easily schedule an appointment with their friendly and efficient customer service team. They were able to accommodate my schedule.

On the day of the appointment, Fernando arrived promptly and was very professional. He took the time to explain the issue with my plumbing and provided me with a detailed quote before starting any work. I appreciated his transparency and honesty.

He worked diligently and efficiently, and I could tell he was very knowledgeable and experienced. He was able to fix the issue in a timely manner and even gave me some tips on how to prevent similar problems in the future.

What impressed me the most was the level of cleanliness, tidiness and maintained throughout the job. He made sure to clean up after himself and left my house in a better condition than he found it.

Overall, I am extremely satisfied with the service provided by Jerez Plumbing. Their professionalism, expertise, and attention to detail exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend them to anyone in need of plumbing services. Thank you, Jerez Plumbing, for a job well done!; Fernando with Jerez plumbing has done extensive work around my home. Everything from main drain back ups, to showers and sinks. Highly recommend!"
ChIJnd5sWG6PwoARR2mq7lj94g4,"Local Plumbers, Inc.","14967 Oswald St, Sylmar, CA 91342",5,122,,N/A,"Professional and knew what he was doing. Communicative and trustworthy. Advised a very reasonable, cost-effective solution. Offered the lowest bid--by nearly $500, or 25% less--out of nearly half a dozen I received for my broken water heater, which he replaced. A week later, all good. A year's warranty on labor and six years on the Bradford White 40-gallon water heater, one that requires professional installation.; Julio lived up to all of the expectations I saw on Google. He did the visit while I was at work, but his integrity is clear either through phone call or text. He gave me his honest opinion on things, even if it meant a delay in his services (replacing pipes, etc). He gave me honest feedback on options that should keep us afloat until we are more prepared for a bigger project. The price was fair and what we expected; he even included a discount which was unexpected, but extremely appreciated. We are new home owners and new to the area, but it’s safe to say we have found our new plumber!; I first went through my home warranty in which a thermostatic valve cartridge was not covered nor could they find someone to provide service. Then I reached out to Local Plumbers. I spoke with Julio P and he was very knowledgeable and professional. He was an able to squeeze me in on short notice and I am a Happy Customer! The professionalism  and customer service I experienced was top notch! I would recommend this provider to anyone who needs quality services. 10 stars for Julio P and Local Plumbers…; Local Plumbers was recommended to me by my neighbor. Julio was amazing. I needed immediate help to replace an old gas valve that was not up to code and delayed my dryer installation. I called several places who were either unresponsive or who quoted a very high price for 5 min of work (they said it was a quick 5 min job).  Julio returned my call and was available within a few hours. He was detail oriented, professional, very clean and respectful of my home, and explained everything. He ensured every gas appliance was working before leaving.  He was incredibly knowledgeable and I will only be calling this company in the future. Finding a trustworthy company can be so challenging and as a new home owner,  I’ve had my fair share of run ins with less than professional companies.   I highly recommend Local Plumbers for any job, big or small!; Excellent service!! I can tell Julio really loves what he does for a living! He was punctual, professional and did an amazing job on my toilet replacement. Highly recommended!"
ChIJG9wvb_q5woARkSb9kPOo0jo,American Drain Works and Plumbing Company,"11319 Washington Blvd Suite A, Los Angeles, CA 90066",5,42,,N/A,"Wow! I’m completely floored by the professionalism, courtesy, and expertise provided by Connie and Lalo.

We had a crack in our sewage line and other plumbers recommended a simple replacement of that section. However, Lalo recommended a replacement of the whole segment of cast iron to ABS. He let me know that cracks are usually not isolated and that this would ensure we don’t run into any other problems.

Though it was slightly more expensive than what others quoted, I’m so glad I listened to him! Lalo was able to come out the next day with a colleague and they ripped out about 20’ of old cast iron pipe. The excavated pipe was corroded and completely cracked throughout; replacing the segment, on the other plumbers recommendation, would have only caused the problem to happen again. Also, Lalo went above and beyond to replace our old clean-out with a two-way one!

Overall, I’d highly recommend American Drain Works! They’re my go-to contact now for my plumbing needs.; This review comes after several months of multiple plumbers and service workers who have attempted to diagnose the problem to no avail. 4 months later, I patiently scrolled 5 star plumbers, immediately located Ms. Connie with American Drain Works and Plumbing. I phoned the number listed in google. Ms. Connie extensively took her time to assess/troubleshoot the main concern. Ms. Connie was warm, supportive and very knowledgeable. I was quoted by other companies thousands of dollars which was so disappointing and scary. Ms. Connie referred her appliance specialist Mr. Larry who has successfully been in business for over 20 years in the Los Angeles and West LA area. Mr. Larry arrived on time with a very professional demeanor and incredibly knowledgeable. Mr. Larry diagnosed and completely solved my months long problem (not being able to use my kitchen for months due to scared of water damage. A few hundred bucks later, I have full access to my kitchen again. I will forever refer Ms. Connie and her team. Mr. Larry also may be able to repair my tripped dryer issues. Thank you again Ms. Connie.; Had American Drainworks highly recommended by a friend, and they did not disappoint. From Connie's professional and friendly demeanor on the phone, to Lalo's timely, professional, and highly competent work installing our new faucet and servicing our water heater, we were highly satisfied.; Connie is amazing. I had a plumbing emergency yesterday and even though she couldn't personally help that day due to scheduling, she still spent 30 minutes on the phone with me explaining what was going on, what I should be discussing with my landlord, and providing tips to help me with the situation moving forward. She took time out of her busy day just to empower me with knowledge and I feel so grateful. I will be recommending her to everyone I know!; Turned out I only needed a snake, but, in the time that took, Lalo gave me an education in plumbing -- to where I can see in my mind's eye how water and pipes work in my place.  Invaluable!  Now I can be more specific about a problem when I next call the wonderful Michael at the office.  Lalo did the job he was paid for, but then, beyond that, he gifted me service.  Truly appreciated."
ChIJ3RjL8zeHwoARM-zxqaANVdw,Rooter Hero Plumbing & Air,"24044 Newhall Ave Unit 101, Santa Clarita, CA 91321",4.6,85,,N/A,"I had a kitchen sink clog and I reached out to these guys. They were able to send a plumber in 2 hours. Amazing service. I would like give a shout out to Sebastian (from Chatsworth team). He is one of the nicest dude I have come across. very helpful and explained me the whole process. Never tried to oversell, however did inform me of the several services the company offer. I definitely recommend. I will definitely go with these guys again. I have decided to do a hydro jet spray on my pipes around end of this year and i am definitely asking for Sebastian; Rooter Hero... you got the name right!! Don’t waste your time calling other companies like I didn’t! First call into schedule was great, spoke with a very patient and helpful young lady. Dispatcher was very pleasant as well. Jeremy Our technician arrived right when the dispatcher said he would (late evening).  He was clean cut and greeted me with a smile 8 ft from my door before  putting on his mask and booties. He assessed the situation and gave me some possible outcomes. Brought his tools inside and put down a mat where he was working. Within 20 mins he was finished, gave me the coupon special price without me even mentioning it and even cleaned up some of the mess that was there before he got there. Received my receipt within 5 mins of his departure. Tub works great!!! Did I mention I had just had another company out and spent $250 for them not to fix the issue! Jeremy was more then knowledge about his trade and my tub is from the 40’s, he knew just what to do! Thank you, keep up the good work!!; Donnel Washington was the best. Fixed my kitchen drain quickly and efficiently. Excellent work! I can't recommend him highly enough!; DO NOT USE THIS company. I REPEAT DO NOT USE THIS company. I REPEAT DO NOT USE THIS company. I REPEAT DO NOT USE THIS company. I REPEAT DO NOT USE THIS company. This place GUTTED my air conditioning system and ran off with the parts and never came back, never called, just STOLE my equipment. They’re manager Teddy Madrid left a message stating he was processing a refund for a deposit we put down and 2 months later still NOTHING. DON’T USE THIS company.; What a great company!  I had a persistent odor coming from my bathroom and the first time they came out they made suggestions to handle it myself instead of a costly repair.  It was not successful, but I appreciated it anyway.

When they did come out, they started with a sealant repair around the toilet, but then the agent, Albert Flores, got 1/2 way through and then suggested that the price to replace was almost exactly the same as to repair and that after 20+ years it was starting to look bad.

Boom!  New toilet, sealed and smelling great and more help with treatment and other questions.

These are good people."
ChIJ9Y3CIo813YARI_LZ1eOLbdA,Tony's Plumbing Inc.,"25039 Vermont Ave, Harbor City, CA 90710",4.8,75,,N/A,"Many of Tony's crew members have visited my home. Hands down, Ramon and Carlos were the best in the business. Not only did they know what to look for to diagnose an issue, they were very professional, understanding and didn't just dash out without explaining what work was done and set expectations. Best Plumbers in town.; Tony's Plumbing exceeded my expectations with their exceptional service. The team was not only fast in addressing my plumbing needs for my rental unit but also provided high-quality work. The pricing was better than other companies, making it a great value for the reliable and efficient service they delivered. I highly recommend Tony's Plumbing for anyone in need of plumbing services.; This is the third time we have used Tony's Plumbing  and once again very happy with the overall service.  Although the issue at hand was a bit out of norm, the team found a resolution that was best for the problem we had and we are grateful.  It was a job that had to spread over a couple of days, due to the fact we needed to get water detection service on hand to find the leak, since it was under ground.  Once located the repairs were done quickly.  I had requested for Jorge to do all the work, but due to scheduling and our need it was not possible, however Jorge came to give the final look to make sure we were satisfied.  Work involved multiple workers and we are grateful to all for work well done.  Thank you Jeorge, Tony's Plumbing and the whole team.  Oh yes and Angie, as she help me from start to get to where we needed to be.  So again, many thanks to all!; Tony's Plumbing did an amazing job with repairing our Water Heater. Saved me the cost of replacing it with a new one. They sent Paul, who was very professional, straightforward and knew exactly what was needed. Now I know who to call for any future plumbing issues and I hope they send Paul again!; Love this company.  Have used them in our home and in our rentals.  Fair prices, excellent service."
ChIJifx3In-RwoARvIguID082K8,All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,"15003 Minnehaha St, Mission Hills, CA 91345",5,36,,N/A,"All Valley Plumbing Sercives Inc. is the best plumbing service we have experienced!

I called several plumbing services and they all wanted to assess the problem before giving any prices and also wanted to charge a high consulting fee before hand.

All Valley Plumbing Service Inc. were the  ones to actually give me pricing right over the phone.

They were upfront and honest about pricing and services. And delivered excellent service just as they quoted over the phone.

Our plumber Moe was extremely friendly, helpful and even explained to us how to prevent plumbing issues in the future!!!

They are a family owned business and it shows through their excellent and professional customer service, which is hard to find these days.

Thank you again to Moe from All Valley Plumbing Service Inc.,  you are our forever plumbing service company. 😄❤️; At midnight we had a plumbing emergency and Moe quickly responded to my house. He was empathetic, honest, and informative. In a service environment where it is difficult to know who to trust, the folks at All Valley Plumbing Service...earned my respect and my business. I don't give out this praise lightly.; Moe from AVPS was the best! My grandmother who lives in the area needed a plumber to come inspect a potential leak. Moe was very patient, communicative, and informative from start to finish and we were all very pleased with the visit. Thank you!; I have used All Valley Plumbing Service several times since I bought my house 8 years ago.   They are always reliable, honest, professional and friendly - and get the job done at a reasonable price.

My father and late grandfather have been using them for decades.  This is a great multi-generational family owned business with excellent, very long term employees.  These are good, principled people that are masters in their profession.   Highly recommend!; Nothing other than OUTSTANDING service from All Valley Plumbing. I was in desperate need to fix something (I broke) and was a bit over my head.  Short story, I had no water because of it. Thankfully Moe showed up about an hour later and repaired the water line, restoring water to the house. He was polite, respectful and professional. You can’t ask for a better plumber. Thumbs up to Moe and he’ll be my first call when I need a plumber."
ChIJZe2hlyC5woARDO3W2yiMl7Y,Plumb Inc - Plumber,"8101 Orion Ave #8, Van Nuys, CA 91406",4.9,54,,N/A,"I've had the pleasure of working with Plumb Inc on several occasions for both residential and commercial plumbing needs. Their team is knowledgeable, reliable, and always provides exceptional service. They take the time to explain the issues and offer solutions that fit within my budget. I appreciate their honesty and integrity, and highly recommend them to anyone in need of plumbing services.; I recently had a plumbing emergency and contacted Plumb Inc for help. From the moment I talked to them, I knew I was in good shape. Their team is quick to respond and come right away to resolve the issue. They were professional, efficient and provided quality service that exceeded my expectations. I highly recommend Plumb Inc for any plumbing needs.Thank you so much!!!!!; During an emergency plumbing situation, Plumb Inc is the company you can rely on. I had a burst pipe in the middle of the night and they were my first call. True to their reputation, their team was prompt and efficient in addressing my issue. Their level of professionalism and expertise was impressive as they swiftly resolved the problem at hand. Thank you Plumb Inc for being a reliable lifesaver during such trying times.; As a property manager, I have worked with several plumbing companies over the years. However, Plumb Inc stands out for their exceptional services. They have not only provided top-notch drainage system installation but also offer prompt and reliable drain cleaning, leaks repair, and sewer inspection services. Their hydro jetting and descaling service is truly effective in restoring the flow of clogged drains, while their trenchless pipe replacement service saves time and money, making them the go-to company for sewer replacements.; When our water heater stopped working, we were worried about the cost of repairs. But Plumb Inc gave us a fair and transparent quote, and they even helped us find a more efficient water heater that saved us money on our energy bills. Their knowledge and expertise were invaluable, and we would recommend them to anyone in need of water heating services."
ChIJqzS3mTnZ3IARDquQsCAg8PI,Plumber's Kingdom,"801 E Washington Ave #743, Orange, CA 92866",5,45,,N/A,"I needed a bathtub repair because it had a persistent leak, and the service was fantastic. The plumber arrived promptly, assessed the problem, and fixed it efficiently without making a mess. Now, the tub works perfectly, and the leak is completely gone. They even provided some helpful tips on maintenance. I’m really happy with the quality of work and the professional service. Definitely recommending them for any bathroom repairs!; Thanks for taking care of my needs! I was able to hire Plumbing Kingdom just in time for my main line pipe hydrojetting needs. They sent Adrian, a very capable and well-rounded plumber who does the service repair efficiently. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED SERVICE!; Absolutely the most effective water line repair in town! It was Plumbing Kingdom that I was able to hire for my water heater leak repair. I was glad that they provided me with a quick service, and I'm thankful that Arthur and Jesus performed the task very well. It was certainly an amazing experience Truly reliable! Many thanks!; I recently used Plumbing Kingdom for residential plumbing services, and they did an excellent job. The team arrived on time, fully prepared to handle the issues I was facing. They quickly addressed a leaking pipe and ensured everything was working perfectly before they left. What impressed me most was their professionalism and the care they took to leave the area clean and tidy afterward. Their expertise and customer service made the entire process hassle-free.; I had a leaky faucet driving me crazy, and these guys fixed it up perfectly! They came right on time, got to work, and stopped that annoying drip in no time. The plumber was super friendly and even checked other faucets to make sure everything was good. He explained what caused the leak, so I felt totally in the loop. Now my faucet works perfectly, and I’m not wasting water."
ChIJw3ErBcbHwoARisCIr9Zf5u8,University Park Plumber's,"3427 W 6th St #583, Los Angeles, CA 90020",4.9,46,,N/A,"This company is very outstanding. Their plumber is the best guy I have ever dealt with. He addressed my toilet installation needs successfully to my utmost satisfaction. It seemed like it was very easy for him. He was indeed an expert and dependable plumber. Thank you very much and have a great day ahead.; The repair was done perfectly, and the quality of work delivered was also very excellent. They even left the house in a mess, tidied, which I think is a plus when looking for cleaners. I am so glad that my plumbing is as good as it can get. I would like to recommend University Park Plumbing of any plumbing needs near trustworthy, reliable, and excellent service all around. Next time we will be calling them again for any repairs that we may require!; Bravo to all of you! The awesome work of your plumber pushed me to use your service again for my blocked toilet. I appreciate the work of your plumber because it was really effective and polished. I thanked him for being so dedicated to his job. I am very thankful to have him in my house. You guys are highly recommended to all!; Quick, friendly, professional service, only here at University Park Plumbing. I have used this company many times already and every time, I have been completely satisfied with their great service. My water heater repair needs were completely addressed the other day. Strongly recommended to all for any plumbing service needs!; University Park Plumbing Company is a company that I hired to solve leak issues and I was impressed. Plumber was easy going, well dressed and did an excellent job of diagnosing the problem in short time. I am fully content with their service delivery hence will be recommending them."
ChIJ0-4H9icvw4AR4rVwSG8kZ-k,SoCal Rooter & Hydrojet,"2105 Foothill Blvd STE B #164, La Verne, CA 91750",4.9,48,,N/A,"This is our second time calling Andy for service. He and his team cleared out 5 drains for us, quickly and efficiently. Andy is incredibly friendly and charged us a fair price for the work. Highly recommend! Will continue to call him for future services.; Andy and his crew did a great job! I had two main sewer cleanouts installed. He and his crew arrived on time and completed the job quickly and cleanly. Price was very fair. I would definitely use him again, and he is very highly recommended.; Prompt service by a friendly crew. Jetted our kitchen sink from the cleanout in about 45 minutes, start to finish, at a very competitive price. They arrived quickly and on time, saving our butts following large party with lots of dishes to do. Highly recommend.; Andy and the SoCal crew are dependable and honest. I’ve used them for small jobs and big jobs. The level of service is always exceptional. Keep up the great work guys!; Thanks for helping us with our sewer replacement on such short notice and accommodating us during this process , we have 3 small
Children and were visiting my grandparents house . We are glad to have searched him and checked his reviews . I definitely recommend this company ."
ChIJb8MNtDXZ3IARQluuOFuApDs,J & M Plumbers,"2112 E 4th St Ste.222D, Santa Ana, CA 92705",5,28,,N/A,"Our water heater started leaking on a Sunday and Jesus from J and M plumbers came out within 2 hours to access the damage. He was very knowledgeable and told us that we needed a new water heater since ours was over 20 years old. He did a great job installing and securing the new water heater in our garage. It works great!!!
We had work done in the past and felt comfortable using him again. He’s very experienced and his prices were very fair.

Thanks Jesus.; “Highly recommend! J and M Plumbers did an excellent job fixing several issues in our home. They were professional, punctual, and the quality of work was top-notch. I’ve since referred them to many of my clients, and everyone has been equally impressed with their service. Great experience overall!”; Jesus and his son Jeremiah are fantastic people and great plumbers. They come out right away, and do a good job for a fair price. Definitely worth calling if you have any plumbing issues.; J&M plumbers are the best team to take care of any plumbing problems. I have been using this company for the last 5 years and I am impressed with all their work.from changing a faucet to major plumbing project nothing is a problem. They leave the working site cleaner than it was.
Very reasonable cost .
Great job Jesus fixing my water main line and installing my huge water filtration system; I've known Jesus for more than 25 years.  I trust him like a family member.  Jesus is honest, straightforward, does good work and lastly, he is a good person.  What more do you need?  I recommend J&M to everyone I know, and you should too.  Trust; Reliable; Good."
ChIJD7gtz-_DwoARpR5C0VsCRW4,Plumber's Kingdom,"160 Orange Grove Blvd #456, Pasadena, CA 91105",4.9,44,,N/A,"We needed bathtub repair after noticing a crack, so we called Plumber’s Kingdom, and they were amazing! The plumber fixed it quickly, and you’d never know it was damaged. He was professional, polite, and left no mess behind. I’m really pleased with how everything turned out. Highly recommend them for any repairs!; Plumber's Kingdom did a terrific job doing my leaky faucet repair needs for my home. Their plumber was incredibly experienced and on time. Overall, the experience was satisfying, and I appreciated it so much. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this company to everyone I know. Thank you very much!; I needed septic tank installation for my new home, so I called Plumber's Kingdom, and they were amazing from start to finish. The team was professional, explained the whole process, and made sure everything was done safely and correctly. It’s such a relief to have this taken care of, and they did a fantastic job. I’d use them again in a heartbeat!; Plumber's Kingdom offered affordable repair and they deserved a five-star rating. Their plumber was very expert and explained everything upon fixing my blocked toilet today. I was very pleased with the service I received from him. Quick response, great professional work, and great care for customers! Thank you very much! Highly recommended!; I called Plumber’s Kingdom for a toilet installation, and they did a great job. The plumber was quick, cleaned up after, and made sure everything was working perfectly before he left. It’s great to have a reliable company I can trust for plumbing work. I’ll definitely call them again if I need anything else!"
ChIJN-TAwCq7woARyMEKu2UtfSQ,Roto-Rooter Plumbing & Water Cleanup,"12240 Venice Blvd. Ste 24A, Los Angeles, CA 90066",4.8,255,,N/A,"Derrick Morales is the best.  Went above and beyond to help diagnose the issues and stayed late to insure all issues were resolved.  Highly recommended and very pleased with professional service and effort.  A++; They arrived on time and did a competent 4 star job. My biggest issue is that they are extremely costly. To router my sink they want to change $495. When asked how long it would take, I was told only 30 minutes at the most. When asked if there were any materials or parts involved, they said there was none.

Do you believe that $495 is a reasonable price for thirty minutes of work. If you assume calculating travel time the price is at the very least $200/ hour.; I had a fantastic experience with Roto-Rooter! From the moment I booked an appt, their customer service was professional, responsive, and friendly. The technician ( Nacho ) arrived promptly, diagnosed the issue quickly, and explained everything clearly. He was incredibly efficient, knowledgeable, and respectful of my home, leaving everything clean and tidy after the work was done. I really appreciated how he took the time to answer my questions and ensure everything was functioning perfectly before he left. I highly recommend Roto-Rooter for any plumbing needs—reliable, fast, and excellent service!""; Ignacio arrived to our home within the hour. We were losing quite a bit of water with the toilet flushing every 10-15 minutes.   He was able to find the cause and repair it quickly and neatly.  I would recommend Roto Rooter when you are having plumbing issues.  Thank you; I needed help with my hot water heater. They sent Ignacio to check it out. He was  knowledgeable, had a great demeanor and very professional. He resolved my issue within a short period and verified that it worked properly."
ChIJ7c6Wzw8bnaQRIMX2TdZUESM,Kessler Plumbing & Heating Inc,"1940 Riverside Dr, Los Angeles, CA 90039",4.7,40,,N/A,"Short version:  Dishonest, incompetent bullies.  Stay away.

Long version:  I called Kessler to fix a leak in my condo building.  They were local and had good reviews on Google mentioning ""reasonable rates"", and their website says that they can fix leaks, so I figured I would give them a try.

They are responsive and able to send out a plumber pretty fast.  The plumber is unable to diagnose the source of the leak, but suggests replacing the toilet wax ring.  I agree.  They also ask to cut open the drywall behind the toilet, and I agree, as the leak has been very bothersome to my downstairs neighbor.

Unfortunately, the leak actually got worse.  So I called Kessler again and their plumbers come back.  They run all of the faucets in my apartment and cut open some more drywall, but are still unable to diagnose the source of the leak.

My building HOA calls in another plumber, who tells me that the Kessler plumbers installed the wax ring negligently, so that it didn't seal all the way.  The second plumber sent me photographs of the wax ring's failure to seal, and the type of wax ring that should have been installed instead (it was a little taller).  He advised me to contact a lawyer and to sue Kessler for negligence.  The other plumber also found the source of the leak.

Kessler then hit me with a bill for about $2100, after not fixing the leak,  and not even finding the source of the leak.  I disputed this invoice as unreasonable.  They threatened to put a lien on my condo and send me to collections.  I have repeatedly offered to settle for $500 as an offer of good faith for the time that they spent, but they have refused to negotiate, and appear to be continuing with their threats.; Matt Martinez and Kessler Plumbing have been wonderful to work with over the last 10 years.  Matt is one of the hardest working plumbers I know and he's consistently shown up whenever I needed something fixed.  My tenants are very comfortable having him around when I'm not there which is really important to me.  Kessler has been incredibly patient when I needed to stretch out some big invoices over several months...something I also appreciated.  This business has heart.  They're just lovely, hardworking, honest people.  I recommend them to anyone needing a plumbing service in the Los Angeles area.; I have used Kessler Plumbing many times over the years for both my home and businesses. They always have been available, courteous, and fair in pricing. After determining a problem a supervisor will discuss what they found and ways of fixing the issue. This is one business that always goes that extra yard. I have recommended this business to my family and friends all of whom thanks me profusely for recommending them.; Kessler responded quickly to my water heater emergency. I had my hot water back in less than 24 hours! The work quality and equipment were top notch.; I own a beauty salon in the city of San Marino and I had an emergency that was solved in hours. Thank you Kessler for the fast hard work. definitely my to go to plumbers!"
ChIJyZyRtJrc3IARZ9mLPItDHE0,Cali's Choice Plumbing & Restoration - 24 Hour Emergency Plumber,"3943 Irvine Blvd Suite 419, Irvine, CA 92602",4.9,44,,N/A,"I had a rough weekend at the house with a broken water main.Cali's Choice was the first to respond.  Before anyone even showed they we able to help me over the phone to get my well pump turned of.  The plumbers were professional and quick to get the damaged line patched up.  The prices were fair especially for how quick they were to respond and how well they did the job.  Nice to have a locally owned company ready to help us out!; Very satisfied with the company and would highly recommend. They were very knowledgeable and efficient. We had a crisis and they responded immediately and worked rain or shine. All employees kept close contact and worked hard. They rerouted water that had caused major flooding around our house. Everything was left clean. Very considerate.; Thank you thank you thank you!!! My family and I just got back from vacation and as we’re trying to get things ready for the week we notice our kitchen sink is clogged and nothing we’re doing will drain it! So from a recommendation of a good friend I called up Cali’s choice and that same day they had someone out to my house!! George was a pleasure to work with and knew exactly what he was talking about (from what it seemed like I don’t know anything about plumbing) but he educated us and was such a big help!! Now you can see my sink has no water in it and is ready for me to keep cleanin up after everyone lol; Joel came out to my home. I had a couple of plumbing problems. A toilet and garbage disposal that needed replaced. He was very knowledgeable, he was patient with all my questions.
The job was finished in the time he quoted. The quality of workmanship was excellent.
I would recommend this company to everyone.
There customer service is top notch.; Awesome service from John and his guys! I will be calling them for ALL plumbing repairs in the future!  Super pleased! We had a slab leak. The leak was detected and the repair scheduled ASAP. John and son were very respectful and left things clean. Also, fairly priced."
ChIJ_yH9dcVq1qsR76MJXpFRf1c,E-Z Flow Rooter & Plumbing,"5682 Rose Ave, Long Beach, CA 90805",5,126,,N/A,"Our experience was awesome! You and your workers went above and beyond. You took our emergency into consideration and fitted us in your busy schedule.  We are so thankful and appreciate it. Thank you again and I highly recommend your company. Thanks for your service.

The Ingram Family.; Andy and Vince are excellent!
1920s house, have sink issues each year and have plumbers out to snake... Well it finally happened a problem at end mainline. They were here quick to check out the backups, used large snake to try and clear but no budging so they did camera and electronically located the spot.... Dug up concrete, found the issues replaced and repaired filled it back up concrete on top all same day.... Super kind, professional, knowledgeable and great work ethics along with a fair price. I'm very happy I contacted them I know I got the best! I will be calling on them in the future for other plumbing projects! Thank you guys!; Was able to get in contact with this company through Yelp and they responded promptly with a very fair quote for the work that needed to be done. I was able to schedule the appointment online and they arrived within days of me reaching out. They went above and beyond not only fixing my problem but getting to the root of the issue and even showing me with their camera what the problem was in my drains. Very much appreciate the quick and efficient work from this company.; This company is amazing, fair pricing an excellent quality of work. Needed emergency gas line repair came in replaced an pressure tested. Gas company coming back out to turn service back on; I have used E-Z Flow Rooter & Plumbing multiple times. Andy is always quick to respond and have saved me on multiple occasions. His prices are competitive and always top notch. They’re my go to Plumber for both my properties."
ChIJz1nO0HOzwoAR4czD1FPk7MU,Plumber Near You Manhattan Beach,"699-601 26th St, Manhattan Beach, CA 90266",4.9,50,,N/A,"From start to finish, it was a good experience! I was really happy with their plumbers' work on our water heater replacement needs. They took pleasure in their job and even kept me updated throughout the process. They also answered all of my inquiries and were very helpful. It was a delight to have Plumber Near You Manhattan Beach handle my plumbing needs!; It was a great job to be called! I gave a high rating to your service because you worked patiently with my leaky faucet repair needs a week ago. It was an awe-inspiring and surprising experience for me to use your service repair. The plumber did the service in a very swift and accurate manner. It was a great service and I would surely recommend this to everyone I know.; I couldn't be happier with the work of Plumber Near You Manhattan Beach. Their plumber was very thoughtful from start to finish and was very expert and keen on fixing my sewer line that needs replacement today. He really accommodated my needs thoroughly to the highest standard to my satisfaction. Thank you very much!; Plumber Near You Manhattan Beach is reasonably priced and provides excellent customer service. The plumber was really helpful and promptly addressed our water line repair issues. He was quite efficient and performed an excellent job. I would absolutely suggest this company.; I am happy I was able to choose Plumber Near You Manhattan Beach for my leaky faucet repair needs because they offer the greatest services. They were the ones that expertly handled every requirement for my faucet. Their plumber completed the job in less than an hour, demonstrating his exceptional skill and attention to detail! This is by far the greatest service!"
ChIJaeAdvGFL3YAR96KMyv-a3iE,Plumber's Kingdom,"23473 Hawthorne Blvd, Torrance, CA 90505",5,38,,N/A,"The folks at Plumbing Kingdom were able to make the necessary repairs on my leaky faucet. They were precise, on time, and above all, their technician knew exactly what he was doing. He was quick, efficient, and left no sign of the leak. They were professional and paid attention to even the smallest details. We strongly recommend Plumbing Kingdom, as we've consistently had great experiences with their plumbing services.; Plumbing Kingdom is truly one of a kind. Your plumber was so easy to work with. He repaired my leaking faucet quickly without any difficulty. He truly met my expectations from start to finish. Highly recommended! Definitely my go-to company!; shower faucet repairI had a leaky shower faucet, so I contacted Plumbing Kingdom. They arrived on time, quickly fixed the leak, and ensured everything was working properly. Their service was efficient, and the faucet is functioning perfectly now. I'm really pleased with how smoothly the repair went and would definitely call them again.​; It was very easy to make an appointment with Plumbing Kingdom! Seeing your plumber fixing my leaky faucet repair problem was truly satisfying. He was truly an adept plumber in his working field. He was very fastidious and well-mannered during the repair of my faucet. He excellently repaired the said issue of the unit and smoothly done it on time. Great work!; It is extremely the most efficient service I had. The plumber was expert, courteous, and attentive. He finished the leaky faucet repair on time and to the highest standard. I will not hesitate to call Plumber's Kingdom again and recommend them to everyone I know in a heartbeat. Thank you very much!"
ChIJNURyAB67woARox6FBGEiFuo,Oasis Plumber's,"701 Pico Blvd #551, Santa Monica, CA 90405",4.8,38,,N/A,"Oasis Plumbers really surpassed my expectations throughout. Their dispatcher was friendly and offered me same-day service. Their plumber was extremely knowledgeable about septic tank installation. I truly liked how he handled the service to the greatest level. Overall, this was a truly satisfying experience. Highly recommended!; It was an excellent experience! Until I contacted Oasis Plumbers, their work was excellent, and I am grateful for their prompt aid with my overflowing toilet. And you guys are all masters at this; fortunately, they have it quite well documented! It was a performance worth remembering. I would strongly suggest their plumbing repair service to others.; My leaky pipe repair was completed in a timely manner by a competent and skilled plumber from Oasis Plumbers. This plumbing repair business is renowned for providing excellent work at reasonable prices. I consider myself extremely fortunate to have obtained them, as they are truly amazing. What a fantastic experience! Well done!; I discovered a leaking pipe and called Oasis Plumbers for help. They arrived promptly and quickly fixed the issue, minimizing the damage. The technician was friendly and professional, and I appreciated their expertise. I will definitely rely on their services for any future plumbing needs!; Oasis Plumbers did a fantastic job with my sink installation. Their team was professional, efficient, and ensured everything was installed correctly and to my satisfaction. I was very pleased with their work and the quality of their service. For reliable plumbing services, including sink installations, I highly recommend Oasis Plumbers—they deliver excellent results!"
ChIJ3RazBte5woARR1XaOXsQVQg,Rooter Solutions Plumbers LA,"9741 Canoga Ave, Chatsworth, CA 91311",4.6,45,,N/A,"Sergio and Andy were amazing, they fixed my clogged toilet.   But, what made them amazing was they left the place very clean, they looked clean cut when they arrived, the equipment they wheeled in had wheel covers like you would put on a shoe.  They put a cloth down on the floor.  They were professional, curious and left the place clean oh yeah they did a great job fixing the toilet.; DO NOT TRUST THIS COMPANY.  They will make up issues and suggest you to replace items that do not need to be placed.  They also highly markup their services.

I called Rooter to fix my clogged kitchen sink and to replace the flapper on my toilet.  The Rooter Plumber said that the pipe under the sink needed to be replaced.  He quoted me $550 to fix the sink and $250 to replace the toilet flapper (I bought the exact same flapper myself for $30 at a store).  He then also added that the fill valve in the toilet needed to be replaced for $330.    In total he wanted to charge me $1,130 to fix my sink and toilet.

I called another plumber who said that the pipe and fill valve did not need to be replaced. He was able to fix both my issues for $150, almost one tenth the price of Rooter's.  DO NOT USE ROOTER SOLUTIONS PLUMBERS.  They are a complete scam.; My kitchen sink was clogged so I contacted Rooter Solutions on a whim seeing all the positive reviews they had and was astounded by the service I received. Jose came on time and was able to quickly find the problem and fix the clog. They also inspected my drains with a camera and found nothing else wrong with the pipes so that gave me a piece of mind and a sense of relief that there wasn’t a bigger problem waiting to happen.

I highly recommend this company and definitely ask for Jose! He not only worked efficiently but he was one of the most friendliest and honest plumber I’ve met.; I just had the team of Sergio and Andy come to unclog a drain! They were so pleasant and professional. They were awesome! The price was good and Andy was incredibly neat and tidy! Thank you, Great job.; Jose was very professional at diagnosed my water heater issue. I will definitely call him to replace it in the future"
ChIJdZsA_gYr3YARRH8jw-Ns7CA,La Habra Plumber's,"250 N Harbor Blvd #3424, La Habra, CA 90631",4.9,36,,N/A,"La Habra Plumbing delivered top-notch plumbing service for my home! They addressed a range of issues, from a stubborn clog to a minor leak. The technicians were prompt, knowledgeable, and provided clear explanations of the repairs. Their efficient work and dedication to quality left me very satisfied. I’ll definitely turn to them for any future plumbing needs!; Highly recommended! I'm impressed because La Habra Plumbing was able to do the water heater maintenance that I needed smoothly. The assigned plumber displayed a thorough and masterful approach during the service, and I'm happy because he was able to finish it on schedule. Good work, guys! Thank you so much for your help!; La Habra Plumbing did an outstanding job with our tub installation. Their team was professional, punctual, and handled the installation with great attention to detail. They ensured everything was installed perfectly and left the area clean and tidy. I highly recommend La Habra Plumbing for their excellent and reliable tub installation services.; The plumbers did an excellent job. My blocked toilet was dealt with in a very timely and efficient manner. Service was swift, comprehensive, and reasonably priced. We are extremely happy and satisfied with the outcome. I highly suggest La Habra Plumbing to everyone!; The plumbing services provided by La Habra Plumbing were exceptional! They promptly fixed my water line and solved the problem effectively. Their service was excellent and I would definitely hire them again!"
ChIJ2RRnB4Qv3YARJP9Qato8m-o,Green Garden Plumber's,"5265 Canterbury Dr #574, Cypress, CA 90630",4.9,36,,N/A,"Green Garden Plumbers was able to schedule me on the same day. I called them for the leaky faucet repair I needed, and I loved it. The plumber arrived promptly and completed the service right away. He was very knowledgeable and explained things clearly. Surely will recommend this company to all!; This company provided the best leaking pipe repair for me today. The plumber was expert and patient. I am extremely pleased with the level of proficiency and customer service he showed as he fixes my leaking pipe. It was a great pleasure working with this guy today. I highly recommend his service and this company. Thank you very much!; This company and its plumber were fantastic while fixing our water line repair issues. They managed to fix my problem in a snap, and they make sure that everything else was systematically applied. The performance was undoubtedly impressive, and I'm sure that their services will be needed again in the future! Thank you for your greatness, guys!; Your plumber was very impressive! I liked how William did my water heater installation needs. He was very punctual in arriving today and was very prepared to answer all of my questions. I was impressed with his service from the beginning to the end. It was also reasonably priced. I would never hesitate to recommend William and its company! Many thanks!; I am very happy with the great job that Green Garden Plumbers did in putting my toilet together. Their team was very thorough and professional, arrived on time for the installation, and showed a high level of skills while completing in good time. They cleaned the place up and left succinct notes. Their services stand out as exceptional, and I give them a thumbs up for all your plumbing needs!!"
ChIJUZOAyj2_woARybmelXiU5AY,"Mike Diamond Plumbing, HVAC & Electrical","1900 N Cahuenga Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90068",4.5,86,,N/A,"Excellent service and friendly plumber.  Luis came to my house in under an hour after calling.  He fixed my clogged sink drain quickly and cleaned all the areas where he had been working.  I would highly recommend this company to anyone.; Raphael did a great job. He provided great service which is held up just fine. No leaks.; Update 10/2024: I had a burst main pipe this morning, probably flooded over 2000 gallons of water into my yard before I could get it shut off. Mike Diamond Plumbing was out here within an hour of calling. Both Steve and Joseph were professional and incredibly helpful. They had everything they needed to do the repair on the truck and explained everything they were doing with an upfront quote. They even gave me some advice for more long term solutions. The professionalism from this company is why I keep coming back. Top to bottom, everyone is professional.

OLD: I've used Mike Diamond several times for several things including electrical troubleshooting, installing new lights, Plumbing, and AC repair.

They might not be the cheapest option out there, but I continue to use them because the service is great. They respond quickly, the techs are not only nice but helpful and explain everything they're doing, and provide options. And the work is always great and includes a warranty.; The technician, Jose Luis, was incredibly helpful, knowledgeable, courtesy, efficient and all around very welcome in fixing my plumbing problems.  His demeanor gave me confidence that he knew what he was doing and indeed he did know.  The fact that he had been doing this type of work for many years was also the reason for my confidence in him.  Mike Diamond Plumbing has a real ""diamond"" in their technician, Jose Luis.  I couldn't be more happy and satisfied with his work and with his ability to get things done.  Five stars go to Jose Luis and to Mike Diamond Plumbing for having such a wonderful employee.  He not only deserves a raise but employee of the month status.  Thank you!!!; Steve, the tech who did the work was great.  He understood the issue we were having and how best to fix it.  He gave us different repair options, and was very clear about the pros and cons of each option, as well as the costs associated with each.  Mike Diamond has done several larger plumbing repairs at our house in the last couple years, and we've been very happy with the work each time."
